# Charlie's Angels Or Demons? Disturbing Footage Emerges. | Candace Ep 252

Monument Ep 19 · Batch 9 · Candace Owens · 2025-10-27 · 58:50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5BcKF91iec
Source: yt-dlp-manual; cleaned (lexicon + paragraph merge). Music cues dropped. No invented words.

## Chapters

- [00:00] Start.
- [01:37] Mikey McCoy on 9/10.
- [16:14] The "camera guy" and his selfie video.
- [32:26] My texts with Charlie and what he knew about his future.
- [48:56] Comments.

## Start.

[00:00]

All right, you guys. Happy Monday. I am back. I know you guys missed me because I definitely missed you more. And I feel so much better after getting out to the mountains. I've now, I think, officially accepted that Charlie Kirk is not coming back. And somehow it took me longer to get there. Took me longer to accept that fact than it did many others. Some people accepted it within just a matter of days. his quote unquote closest friends, his closest political allies, the White House, they all seemed kind of ready to move on so much faster than I was. And now it's looking like some people even may have accepted Charlie's death within minutes. There is a video that is currently circulating of his chief of staff, Mikey McCoy. It's going viral uh for a lot of reasons. We're going to go through that video and buckle up because I have an even more exclusive, never-before seen video that I think is going to make your skin crawl. Plus, I have even more neverbeforeseen text messages from Charlie Kirk. Incredibly, Charlie Kirk did in fact know that Turning Point was going to be the death of him, and I have proof of that. He also knew that I was the only person who was going to step up to defend him after he was gone. That sounds crazy, but it's the truth. So, let's get started and welcome back to Candace.

## Mikey McCoy on 9/10.

[01:39]

So, here is where I was. I went to Wyoming to breathe, to hike, to listen to way too much Kanye West music. I absolutely love the mountains. I am a mountain person, so to speak. Wyoming is, in fact, my favorite state in the union. Um, and it felt fitting also because the first time I ever visited Wyoming, I was with Charlie Kirk. I then visited Wyoming many times thereafter over the years. and he was the last time I went to Wyoming I was with Charlie Kirk who was the last person I visited with and it was for um ironically Foster F's funeral who was a big- time donor to Turning Point USA still is I believe uh Charlie I was thinking out there and remembering paid for my flight to Wyoming. I had to get there very quickly because I was doing um Joe Rogan's podcast. It was huge. I didn't even know what the Joe Rogan podcast was at that moment. That's how I was so not politically inclined at all. And he's like, "This is the biggest podcast. You got to do this." I completely bombed it, by the way. I was so nervous. I think I said like about 3,000 times. But then I had to very quickly get over to Wyoming because Kanye had invited me to his album release party. And again, ironically, where he held that album release party would be where years later Foster Free would have his funeral. And so Wyoming felt fitting.

[03:02]

Fished while I was out there. And so I want you guys to know another fun fact about Charlie Kirk. He hated fishing. He absolutely loved the mountain. He loved hiking. He was quite the athlete, but he hated fishing. It just was not his thing. In the same way that golf is just not my thing. Fishing was not his. And this photo that I'm about to show you makes me laugh because we were in British Columbia fishing. And here's a photo of me and Charlie. Um, and I was so excited about this catch. Charlie's eyes are closed here. And as soon as I think it was Don Jr. It might have been Cory Lundowski hit Flash um took the picture. Charlie just went gh I don't know why you guys like this because he was too hyperactive. He always wanted to be planning and doing a million things at once. And fishing fishing takes time.

[03:46]

You got to set the bait. It's now been 47 days since my friend Charlie Kirk was executed in front of the world because that's what it was, a public execution. And call me crazy, many people do. But I was so clearly deluded in the immediate aftermath of his death that I was operating under this function. I mean, I truly believed that I would be fighting for answers to what actually happened on 910 alongside Charlie's inner circle. I thought the band maybe was going to get back together. We were all going to maybe be on a group chat. Me, Tyler Bowyer, Andrew Kovette, Stacy Sheridan. Even if you're wondering who Stacy Sheridan is, by the way, she's the one who's holding the camera when Charlie's casket is being escorted off of Air Force 2. She's like the chief money person essentially at Turning Point USA.

[04:39]

She was brought in to reel in the big donors. I remember exactly when that happened. All of those people, by the way, were actually brought in by Tyler Bowyer. He's a very important character in the story, but we're going to get into all of that tomorrow. The point that I'm making here is that I had assumed clearly wrongly that we'd all maybe be on a group chat communicating, raising hell and demanding answers from the feds, from the police, from the White House even. Uh certainly at the very least pointing out the very many holes in this story. And if any of us, any one of us had the audacity or the desire to carry on Charlie Kirk's show, that would be the appropriate venue for asking those sorts of questions. But no, I was wrong. Silence.

[05:27]

Silence is what we were met with. In fact, I am told that these people believe the official narrative. Lone shooter. No one else involved. Just a crazy guy with too many pronouns in his bio. Hey, 1963 called and they want their narrative back. All that's missing from the story is a grassy null, right? Just need a grassy null. Anyways, back at headquarters, I am told it's business as usual and it's kind of giving me like I don't know, LBJ when he gets sworn in in that famous picture. Uh, unfortunately sworn in. Unfortunately, of course, he's sad in this photo. Gosh, he's obviously not wanting to be the president of the United States. JFK was shot and killed and now LBJ has to step up unfortunately. But I got to be honest, I wasn't there. I don't think LBJ was actually that upset. I don't know why. Vibes, the vibes just aren't vibing for me in that picture, but maybe maybe he was. Maybe the truth is that LBJ simply to use an expression had his wits about him and JFK had a plan. Like in the event that he had been horrifically assassinated in front of the world, JFK maybe had a succession plan. Now, if these terms I'm using here sound familiar to you, it's because they should sound familiar. It's the exact terminology that was utilized by Pastor Rob McCoy just 4 days after Charlie was murdered. In front of his congregation, he spoke about Charlie's succession plan that he was somehow privy to. I don't know why, but he knew 4 days later and announced to the world that Charlie indeed had a plan. Take a listen.

[07:11]

>> Everyone's worried about the leadership of TPUSA. Don't. He was wise enough at 31 >> to put together [sighs] a plan for succession. It's very clear what they decided and they're implementing it now. Amazing. I mean, amazing. So, on September 14th, we were made aware of this succession plan. And I find that to be fascinating. Uh the people who didn't even know Charlie all around the world seem to be fighting harder for him, fighting harder for truth. And it is in fact thanks to people on the internet like Sam Parker, uh James Lee, Ian Carol, Zeb Boyin, uh many others that a video from September 10th has gone pretty viral. Okay, so uh let's take a look at this. It's a video of, of course, Pastor Rob McCoy's son. His name is Mike McCoy. And you're going to see what he does. Not in the seconds following Charlie getting shot, but in less than one second after Charlie gets shot. There were these are not seconds.

[08:30]

Less than 1 second, you're going to watch what Michael McCoy does. First, let's hear his daddy's version of the events. Take it away, Pastor McCoy. as a father, I just I want to protect my son. And I thought, I I got a plan for you, son. He said, "Dad, that's not Charlie's plan." And and you know what? I'm looking at my son who's 24 years old. Justin's the chief CFO, chief financial officer, and Mikey's the chief of staff. And and I'm watching that the minute Charlie was shot, he called me, says, "Dad, Charlie's been shot in the neck. Please call every pastor and pray. It's okay, son. He has wits about him. He was just directing. He had blood all over him. And two things I want you to remember here.

[09:26]

You may have caught that, but he said, "I was watching." And the minute Charlie got shot, he called. And and Mikey McCoy says to his dad, "Charlie's been shot. Pray for him. He says the minute. Maybe he's being a little hyperbolic. We're going to find out. I'd certainly like to find out. But he stops himself. He says, "I was watching." Watching what exactly. What were you watching? I remember that. It's rubbing me the wrong way. And I'm going to tell you why that rubbing me the wrong way in a little bit. But the bigger thing is that he says Mikey had blood all over him. Except Mikey did not have blood anywhere near him. Because Mikey was behind the tent when Charlie got shot and Mikey in less than a second does something that I find to be quite strange. He puts his phone to his ear and he begins a conversation. So, we're going to watch that clip in its entirety. Mark is going to bring it in.

[10:27]

>>

[10:34]

>> So, we decided to slow this clip down and we're going to watch this clip set slow down. So, you can see that it is exactly um 834 milliseconds from the time that you hear the shot. That is how long it takes for Mikey McCoy to put the phone to his ear. Now, why is that pre precise timing so important? Because there's no dialing. Mikey didn't have time to dial. Okay? You can't dial and uh put your phone to an ear in 834 seconds. The next time that you're going to see Mikey McCoy, as we just showed you, is in just under two and a half seconds on the other side of the tent. He's on a phone call. So, we can track Mikey. Let's watch the clip again in milliseconds so you really grasp how quickly this transpires.

[11:27]

So when this clip was brought.

[11:34]

There we go we're tracking that. Yeah. When the clip was brought to my attention, I I obviously have a file, big folder of files of every angle, and I decided to track Mikey from every angle available to see like maybe we just missed it. And he did at some point put that phone down, dial a number, speed dial, hold down one, I don't know, maybe we missed it because that seems that seems automatic, right? 0834. That seems pretty quick. And no, no, he doesn't do that. Uh, we even have him in front of Charlie's car. Uh, when Charlie's car is, uh, when Charlie is brought to the car, the waiting car rather, he is still on the phone. And I can show you the clip of that. Take a look at this. Don't worry, we'll slow it down for you.

[12:22]

See him in the background with the backpack? It's Mikey McCoy. Okay. So, what are we to make of that? The only logical conclusion that I can come up with and many others because I pressed I said play devil's advocate. I want you to advocate for Mikey McCoy. I want you to play lawyer and you are representing your client Mikey McCoy. What was he do? How did he do it this quickly? No one could win this game. The only logical conclusion we come up with was that Mikey was already on a phone call at 12:23 p. m. By 12:23 p. m. He was already on a phone call. So, I said, "Let's go back a little earlier in the footage and see if we can find when he actually maybe dials onto the phone. Maybe we can see him pick up the phone and begin a call before the shot takes off." And then after being that call, if we're following this logic, that would mean he puts his phone down until Charlie gets shot. And uh we were able to find what we think could be that moment. And I can tell you that it is 1 minute and 45 seconds approximately before that shot goes off. And we can watch that here.

[13:33]

>> See Mikey's on his phone here and you're going to see he pulls it up and he starts to cover his ear again. Now that could be unrelated. Again, we're taking a guess here. That's what made the most sense to us because we couldn't justify it in any other way. And I want to be clear, we're not here to make assumptions, okay? and we wouldn't have to make any assumptions if Turning Point USA could just tell the truth. They could just be open and they could be honest about everything. Okay, I obviously went out to both Mikey McCoy and Andrew Kovat for a statement. Ask those two questions. Hey, uh, who were you on the phone with? What's going on here? No response. Weird. Because if that was me and I saw clips going viral and people were drawing conclusions from that clip, thinking that I was already on the phone, thinking that my reaction was weird. I would instantly hit back. I'd say, "Here's my here's my call log. You want to know who I was on the phone with? 911." Obviously, I was freaking out. Freaking out. I I called 911. I didn't know what I was doing. Here's my phone. Here's my whole call log for that day.

[14:46]

This is I don't know. I guess we live in a world where that doesn't make sense. I would have issued a statement um to dispel any rumors, but they have not. Here is what I want to say, and I'm I honestly I understand I'm preaching to the choir here. Everything about this is wrong. You know it, and I know it, but I actually know it better than most because I helped build that organization. And that's why I am almost the perfect person to discern what is normal and what is abnormal in terms of what happened at that college campus event. In fact, when I did my tribute to Charlie, this is unbelievable. Remember, just after he died, I posted a video to my friend Charlie Kirk and I shared a clip of him at a college event and he and I were laughing. Uh, and I'm going to show you that clip in a second and I said, "I don't even know which college this is." And I showed the clip because I didn't know what college it was. And unbelievably, it was UVU. I kid you not.

[15:42]

Let's rewatch that clip. >> If you aren't wealthy, white, and male, Charlie Kirk is not your friend. What do you think? >> Not my friend anymore. >> Are we not friends? Is that right? >> Find out. I'm going to find out a sign outside of a thing in an event that we just did that you're not my friend. >> Go figure. >> That's unbelievable. Out of all the clips, we picked that and I had no idea it was UVU. The point is that I hit college campuses with Charlie Kirk for six years. I don't believe uh that there was a single living breathing person who has spoken at more college campuses alongside Charlie Kirk than me. So I.

## The "camera guy" and his selfie video.

[16:16]

Knew that things were weird when I saw the first and foremost the camera guy, the one who takes down the camera, seeing him lingering alongside Charlie at the event, flagged me as weird immediately. Okay, that's that's why I reached out when people saw him taking down the camera. I said, "What is this? Why are you here?" Literally, why are you standing next to I've never at any college event ever in six years had that man standing next to me at an event. Okay, sometimes he wasn't even there. Other times, of course, when you are in AV, your job is to be somewhere quiet. Your job is to have on like headphones to make sure the audio is good. Maybe uh the idea that they're ming the person running a company is mking you up is completely absurd. I didn't like it. It felt new to me. And you know what? When I called him, things got pretty weird.

[17:08]

He acknowledged that a lot of new stuff was happening on that day and I inquired to him immediately uh about the subtle changes that I recognized. And the thing that struck me as wrong was that he lied to me. I don't know why he was lying to me. Uh but a lot of the things that he said didn't make sense. And I'm going to speak more thoroughly about what it was that he said because obviously I recorded the phone call. I of course asked him why he took down the cameras so quickly. I asked him to first and foremost simply show me the footage because that's all I wanted to do. I'm thinking again, we're all going to get the band back together and solve this murder. And he got weird. He got really weird. I said, I just want to like see the footage so I can debunk. I know that you don't want to put more footage out there. that's fine. But like to just show me the footage so I can debunk these all these internet conspiracies that you were hiding something. I was not suspicious of Turning Point at all actually when I called and I asked him again like what's the reason? What's the reason for taking down the cameras quickly? Why hasn't the footage been released? Let me see it. And he told me that a he had spoken only to uh Erika and the feds that he had regarding the footage. that is he specifically told me that as I said earlier that he had secured that foot footage because he wanted to prevent Erika as I told you from having to relive that moment and that made entirely no sense to me. I told you guys because uh we all can watch Charlie Kirk be murdered over and over and over and over and over again.

[18:42]

So how are you sparing any emotions here by taking down the back footage? And then it made even less sense to me and appeared to me as a lie once I saw the footage on FaceTime when I realized that there was no blood on Charlie. So it was the it was the least traumatizing footage of all. Why be so secretive about it? He then told me that he needed to speak with Turning Point lawyers first to see about releasing the footage. I said, "Okay, fine." I let him take a couple days off and then we got back on the phone and I said, "Look, that's kind of a BS excuse, too, because you run your own company and the footage is owned by you." He then said, "Okay, yeah, I do own the footage. I just wanted, you know, just coordinate, check, whatever." Okay, kind of a lie number twoish.

[19:28]

Then he said something that really bothered me. He said, "I don't know how to send the footage." Like the file was too large. Oh. Oh, I was born yesterday. So, you run an entire AV company and you don't know how to send footage. That didn't smell right to me. It got even more bizarre. He told me, and this is when I was extremely uncomfortable. He said after I offered, you can just use Wii transfer. He said, "I don't want to just send the footage over the internet uh that's behind Charlie's head because I'm worried that Google might hack me." I swear on everything I love. That's what he told me. He was afraid that Google was going to hack him. So, at this moment, I got a little bit uh I looked at my team and I started snapping across the table and I was like I I said to them literally guilty of something. I don't know. This is weird.

[20:32]

What a stupid lie. I mean, what do you mean who? So, I said to him, I said, "Let's just pretend that that does happen." For whatever reason, Sergy Brin is sitting around and he's going, I want to hack this person cuz I want to see footage behind Charlie's head. Does it? Whatever. And then he gives the footage to Fox News, CNN, and they play it. And what happens after that? I said to him, "Oh, I know what happens after." We all get to see Charlie Kirk die from a different angle. We've seen it die from a thousand different angles. Like, what what is actually changing if Google hacks you? Weird. A weird thing to say. I also asked him who he was on the phone with after Charlie got shot. and he told me, and I kid you not, he was on the phone with the ops that were back in Arizona watching.

[21:27]

And I said, "What ops? We don't have people back in Arizona watching when we do college campus events. Is that something new?" He said, "Yes, it is new." In fact, this was the first time we were doing it. He said there were two people, two ops that were watching it back in Arizona. And he told me that the reason that they were doing it was because, you know, Candace, he said Charlie, uh, he was so ambitious and it wasn't fast enough that it was all being live streamed. He wanted people to live cut the clips so that they could be the first people to get it on the internet. He didn't want he is like not even a second to be wasted. So live streaming to everybody can watch, but they were racing some people to get the clips out faster than anybody else because Charlie's ambitious. Now I got a little suspicious and sensing he could sense that I was now growing increasingly suspicious with every random thing that he was saying. Uh he sent me a video that I didn't ask for. I wanted to see the footage. He then sends me a video and I guess this was supposed to work as some sort of an alibi. I don't know if he thought that I thought that he shot Charlie. I certainly did not think that he was involved in uh pulling a trigger and killing Charlie Kirk. I don't I actually don't know why this video I don't know what this video could have done that he sent me other than to make me feel even more uncomfortable because the video he sent me is quite shocking. It's also the reason that I knew that Tyler Bowyer was lying when he tweeted that in this guy was commanded by the police to take down the cameras.

[23:05]

He's lying because I have every minute of what this guy was doing thanks to him having sent it to me. Okay. Every minute of what he was doing before he took those cameras down. And there are only four minutes, by the way, before he takes those cameras down. So, he's next to and he is in front of Mikey McCoy when Charlie gets shot. Now, to his credit, he actually did see Charlie get shot. Um, he saw in like a split second sees Charlie bleeding and runs and doesn't run very far. He just runs a couple of yards away. Now, I should mention that the camera guy, he too was also brought into the company by Tyler Bowyer. Okay? And if you have worked with Charlie for this long, over a decade, and you watch Charlie Kirk get shot, what do you do?

[23:56]

What would you do? I'm asking you this question at home. What would you do? I say two things that we're are pretty common place, right? You choose between fight or flight. You run towards him or you run away. And you run away far because you don't know what's happening. Is it one shot? Are there multiple people? Are you being pursued? There's no way to process that if you are going to be in flight. You should be sprinting and maybe calling 911. That's what I would have done if I wanted to run away and not towards Charlie to make sure he's okay. But this second close friend of Charlie chose to run just a few yards away up to a grassy null to take out his phone. Couple of seconds later, he takes out his phone and he begins recording himself.

[24:44]

It's a selfie video. Takes a video of himself. So, let's watch that video. >> They just shot Charlie. They just shot Charlie. They just shot Charlie.

[25:16]

There's your shot, Charlie.

[25:32]

>> He's dead. God help me.

[25:51]

>> That's the first time it was announced actually that Charlie Kirk was dead. It's kind of weird. Go ahead, catch your breath. Hit rewind. Watch it again. watch it over and over again like I did because you're probably thinking out loud, "What the f did I just watch? What's going on? What were Charlie's closest friends and allies and the people that were going to carry on the torch doing?" Oh. Um, picking up phone calls they were already on. Uh, and filming themselves and prematurely announcing when not a single person could have known that Charlie Kirk is dead. Less than a minute. Declared dead. No instinct to run towards him. No instinct to run further away. Maybe because you got to backtrack and go get the cameras.

[26:48]

A minute after this ends is when he goes and gets the cameras. Okay. Rather, let me record me and my reaction, which doesn't actually feel to me to be too distraught. Okay. In fact, if uh I this is one of those videos that made me so upset that I was like mad at other people, you know, like I was like mad at Savannah. I saw Mikey McCoy's reaction. Now I'm looking at this guy's reaction. I'm like Savannah, like one of the homies. I get assassinated. You film yourself. I get assassinated. You're you're talking about my succession plan. Couple days later, I get ass. You're lying about little things about me. Everything Turning Point is doing is wrong. And you know it's wrong. You know it's wrong deep down. I want to say this because there has been a lot of reading in between the lines. It's strange to me. I think I'm a very direct person and I say what I mean and I do not want people to mistake what's happening right now or to wrongly assume my intentions here. So allow me to be very explicit, okay? I want war with all of you. Okay? All of you. And there's a reason. I'm going to get to that reason in a little bit, but I want more with all of you. So write your articles, issue your statements, email the White House, reach out for comment, okay? Say whatever it is you want to say about me. I want more with all of you because I know I know this isn't right and there is no way you are going to convince me and the rest of the world that all of this is normal.

[28:26]

We're not just going to keep on going and jump into a succession plan. We're going to figure out what the hell happened on September 10th first. And I'm going to tell you guys, Charlie had a vision. We'll get to that after a few ads. All right, you guys, taking a quick break to tell you about Riverbend Ranch. You guys know I absolutely love their steaks. They have black Angus beef, which is famous for its great flavor. Riverbend Ranch has taken Black Angus beef to a whole different level because over the last 35 years, they've been creating an elite Angus herd by using ultrasound technology to select genetically superior cattle with a focus on flavor and tenderness. Each year, Riverbend Ranch provides about 850 elite black Angus bulls containing these special genetics to over 216 western US ranches. Those partnership ranches receive a substantial premium from Riverbend Ranch for raising those calves without the use of growth hormones or without antibiotics. And every fall, the calves containing these legs return to the Riverbend Ranch to spend the following summer in lush mountain pastures. When you purchase from Riverbend Ranch, you're not only supporting the 64 cowboys and their families who work on the ranch, but you're also supporting the over 260 other US ranches and the hundreds of American families who work on those ranches. It's born in the USA, raised in the USA, and processed here in the USA.

[29:41]

Their meat is aged to perfection for 21 days, and then it's shipped directly from their ranch to your home. This is not your average black Angus beef. This is more flavorful and more tender than even the best Angus beef I've ever tasted. Right now, when you head over to riverbendranch. com and use promo code candace at checkout, you'll get $20 off your first order. Trust me, you're going to be very impressed. So, visit riverbendranch. com and use promo code candace at checkout. Also want to tell you guys about Comet AI browser because how much time are you spending every day on the web? How much time do you spend clicking around while you're on the web, searching, scrolling, typing? There's endless tabs. It's definitely a lot. Well, the good news is that there is a new AI web browser from Perplexity which is called Comet and it is completely changing the way that we are able to interact with our browsers.

[30:27]

Using Comet feels like having a personal assistant that kind of lives in your computer that can actually do things for you across the web. Literally do things not just giving you answers like you can ask Comet to uh type to click to search to scroll. Could even help you plan your weekn night dinners. It could uh just a couple of taps get a personalized meal plan for you based on your family's preferences. Comet orders the groceries for me and it gets them delivered right to my door. Comet can shop for you, make reservations, book travel, summarize articles or videos, send emails, schedule meetings, and a lot more to make your life easier. So go and take back your time online, download Perplexity's new web browser called Comet, and let it work for you, not the other way around. Check it out at pplx. ai/candis.

[31:10]

That's pplx. ai/candis. And you guys already know the biggest health secret that's not being talked about is that everything begins in your gut. Every day your gut is fighting a silent war against processed foods, work stress, toxins in the air that we breathe. When your gut is in trouble, then your whole body starts to feel it. Most probiotics do not work. That's the truth. 99% of the traditional brands die in your stomach acid before they even reach your gut. That's what makes Just Thrive sporebased probiotic completely different. Just Thrive is the only probiotic that is clinically proven to arrive 100% alive in your gut, which means it does something that no other probiotic can. It turns your gut into an antioxidant factory, creating protective compounds exactly where you need them most. That means better digestion, healthy immunity, more energy, easy weight management. You can take Just Thrive probiotic in the form of a capsule or berry flavored gummy. From their award-winning probiotic to their full line of gut immune and brain health supplements, Just Thrive has been fighting to make Americans healthy again with sciencebacked solutions that you can trust. So to join the gut health revolution and take control of your health today, visit justthrivehealth. com and you'll save 20% with promo code Candace. You'll see the difference for yourself or you'll get a full product refund, no questions asked. Take control today with just thrive. Again, that's just thrivehealth. com with promo code.

## My texts with Charlie and what he knew about his future.

[32:26]

Candace. Now it's time to share private messages. You know what's so funny to me is I don't know. I feel like they are now steeped in psychology for toddlers. It's so obvious what's coming down the pipeline. The things, oh, it's not appropriate to share private messages unless we do it. Unless we do it. Unless we're up on stage talking about private conversations and making stuff up. That definitely didn't happen. I think it was actually Pastor McCoy speech. Charlie wanted me to lead the next movement. Charlie Charlie told me, "I'm America's [clears throat] pastor." He said, "Yeah, I'm sure he did. I'm sure he did. I'm sure he called you America's pastor." And so, yeah, I will be doing whatever I want to do until the truth is told about what happened on 910. We should start with Josh Hammer, by the way, because he really has now become the king of defying no stereotypes where we uh last left off. Obviously, he is now infamous for just being such a deceitful little creature. The text message exchange, Josh Hammer caught hand in the cookie jar. I'm talking way in the cookie jar. No other way to say it, right? Charlie gets killed. He on the same day starts pushing his book.

[33:40]

Charlie's last words were, "Buy my book. Buy Josh Hammer's book." He the night before, oh, he never even flinched on Israel. He loved Israel so much. And then I just waited because we're fishing now. And I knew they would do this. I knew liars have to lie fast and first. And he did. He lied. He lied over and over and over again about his position on Israel. And when I got when he got caught, you would think that he would have a shred of decency. You would think he would have a shred of humility. You would think he would apologize for lying about Charlie's position on Israel, but he didn't. He just sort of doubled down. Uh he sort of is down, if you will. And it sort of gave me an idea for a little miniseries, a little recurring miniseries that we'll probably have on this show. An HBO miniseries, by the way, executively produced by me. I want to show it to you guys now. It's a trailer that we put together. I uh I sure hope you guys like it. Take a listen. how Charlie Kirk was actually feeling about the pressure he was receiving from pro-Israel Zionist donors to Turning Point USA.

[34:49]

>> Charlie definitely was not someone who liked to be bullied by donors. Um, as we saw in those text messages, >> they're Jewish donors to TPUSA. Uh, played into the worst stereotypes of Jewish people. >> Charlie writes, "Jewish donors play into all of the stereotypes. I cannot and will not be bullied like this. >> A few moments later, >> you know, I'm I'm talking to lawyers. I think I I'm a lawyer with my background. I clerked for a federal appeals judge. I know I know a thing or two about United States constitutional law. I think that we have a a potentially serious case here for defamation and I'm very much speaking with lawyers and we'll see what happens.

[35:33]

Well done, Joshy. Well done. Very good, Joshy. Tried your best to curb your Zionism. I know it's hard, but do your best. Too funny. Also, I want to shout out John Miller on uh X. He made me laugh. I mean, I was really laughing when I saw his tweet about Josh Hammer threatening to sue me. He just he just wrote this and it said it all. He said, "They really trying to make us believe this is the good guy. LMAO like I mean come on. Yeah. I mean he just looks like a Bond super villain. That's just what he looks like. And by the way that's that's a lot of words to say what I always say. Like we don't know. No know but we know. And Josh Hammer. Yeah. We know you're not the good guy. Okay. You got to you have to believe in your gut. I keep talking about you guys over and over again. Your gut matters more.

[36:29]

Right. Your subconscious picks up on things before your conscience does. Which brings me to dreams, by the way, because before I went on break, many people were triggered because I discussed uh on a previous show a dream that I had, a very vivid dream uh whereupon Charlie told me that he had been betrayed. And so, he's been betrayed. That's it. That's uh there's a lot I could say here. If I had known that me discussing my dreams was going to trigger so many people, I would have started every other show like Martin Luther King Jr. I' been like, I had a dream. I had a dream. I had a dream. And like I said, this one was clear. Charlie told me that he was betrayed. He actually said more than that, actually.

[37:09]

But um we're fishing, right? So, let's be patient. What I want you guys to know about Charlie is he also used to dream very vividly because we traveled together so much. He would wake up, we would text, and he would tell me about those vivid dreams. And we talked about a lot of things as you do when you get to know somebody. We talked about the spiritual realm. We talked about religion, our faith, uh most importantly what our life's purpose was. And uh there was this period in April where Charlie kept insisting to me over and over again that he was going to die young. In fact, he told me that Turning Point USA was going to be the death of him. And I'm I'm I'm going to allow you to read his words. And it's funny how this came about because when I was in Wyoming, I went outside. I was writing uh like physically needed to write to put pen to paper and to pray and I was sitting in the sun overlooking the mountains and right when I concluded my prayer I opened my eyes and I saw a massive bald eagle and it just made me feel at peace. It's one of those moments where you you just are in nature. You see something beautiful and it makes you feel at peace. And then I felt the need to start going through messages and conversations between me and Charlie.

[38:21]

And sure enough, I stumbled upon many messages of him telling me how he would die. And I'm going to show you some of those messages. Now, a particular set of messages that were written on April 6th, 2018, just a couple of weeks before Kanye tweeted, "I love the way Candace Owens thinks." which is relevant because a lot of things changed after that tweet and it's relevant because Charlie sensed that something big was about to happen and I think that is what the something big was. I also want to say obviously I am not making up these messages. Okay, turning point actually Mikey McCoy has access to all of Charlie Kirk's messages. They can tell you that these ones are real. Here is what he wrote. We were again talking about Kanye. Charlie wrote to me you're going to be the iron lady of America. He had such a political vision for me. I never wanted that sort of a thing. I see it so freaking clearly. I might be Moses though. I might not see this whole thing through lmao. If that is the case, be my David.

[39:19]

I said, dude, you haven't even realized your power yet. You're so young is what I was thinking. He said, "If I tell you the true prophecy that I know in my gut, it's really sad, but I hope it's wrong." He went on to say, "Anyway, I am not sure if I will live to see the end of this revolution. I believe you were the piece that God meant me to meet that will finish the fight." Since the beginning of TPUSA, I knew in my gut that I might get wiped out at any time. I cannot explain it, but I dream about it all the time. Like all the time. Anyway, that's depressing combo for another time. LMAO. I said, "That's weird. more of a fear manifestation than an actualization. He said, "I'm not really afraid of it, but I'm just telling you what I know to be true." And he told me that. He told me that. I don't know why Charlie knew he was going to die young. And uh I don't know. I just felt like I needed to share that because it is in part why the moment that Charlie got shot. I just knew he was betrayed spiritually in the same way that Charlie knew that he was going to die young, I knew that this was a part of something bigger. And so I wanted to say to you guys, to the people that betrayed Charlie, I would recommend that you come clean.

[40:42]

Okay? I would recommend that you come clean because Charlie said some other things and I look at these things now and I think wow it's almost prophetic right it's almost prophecy and I can tell you that this is a story that will have a happy ending a tragedy that will have a happy ending the world is going to learn the truth about this they are I would recommend that you come clean there are lines in the sand that are being drawn right now between good and evil many of you have picked the evil side do you uh podcasters, people that make videos, people that are taking money, tell people don't look over there. I would recommend you stop doing that. You don't have to listen to me. You probably won't listen to me. And to people that betrayed Charlie, you probably won't come clean likely because you're scared now.

[41:32]

You should be scared, but you're the wrong kind of scared. Okay. Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. There is more. This is not it. I'm aware of that. That's why I've chosen to be on the side of goodness and truth no matter what the cost is. I've picked my side. I don't care about any of you. I can't wait to read your articles after this. Okay, that's breakfast for me. That inspires me now. Can't wait to read your looney tweets. I can't wait for you to lie on things that I've said. I cannot wait because you know what? on a hike that Charlie and I were on in Wyoming one time. We were discussing the death penalty. Like he was asking like what's your position on the death penalty? And I told him, I've always been against it. And typically that's a that's a theological conversation.

[42:19]

Christians go back and forth on it. Do you have a right to take a life? I'm on the side that no, we don't have a right to take a life. But my position on it isn't even entirely theological. I said to Charlie, "The reason I'm against it is because death is easy. You're here and then you're not. It's like falling asleep, right? You're here one second and then you're not." Think about passing out or fainting. People that uh commit grave evil and we're giving them death, that's it. Yeah. I always say uh they deserve more than that. And for people that are involved, the many people that are involved in this, not the lone shooter at different stages, people that are involved, people that know things, that are watching this, maybe in an office cubicle and know things.

[43:14]

Um I want you to know that if you choose not to come clean, you are about to become very famous. Okay, I am talking like through the ages famous. The kind of fame that most people cannot even comprehend. Not I cannot comprehend that level of fame. Like I'm talking about the level of fame that can kill a name. You know what I mean? Like nobody names their kid Judas anymore. Nobody names their kid Adolf anymore. I'm talking about that level of fame. Infamy. So I'd come clean. I think there's a way out for you if you come clean and you get with God. Anyways, like to say something in finality to the many of you who would like to shut me up, who have been trying very hard to shut me up? No, I I think I'm going to go ahead and be Charlie's David. I'm not going to stop talking about Charlie Kirk's death. In fact, instead of trying to make me shut up, you should do something else. I think your time would be better spent trying to stop the sun from rising. You'd have more success if you spent your time trying to stop the sun from rising than trying to get me to shut up about who killed Charlie Kirk because he knew he was going to die. And he knew that I was going to be the person that had the spine to stand up for him. What he didn't know, I don't think he knew, was that millions of people around the world, who maybe don't have a microphone, okay, who maybe don't have a podcast, who maybe can't write articles for the Daily Mail, are standing by him, are standing on the side of goodness.

[44:48]

And we are going to see this thing out. And like I said, there will be justice. Not the fake kind, not the Tyler Robinson kind, actual justice. We'll take a brief break here um and then we'll get to some of your comments. All right, you guys. Jumping in to tell you about the wellness company because it is officially cold and flu season, which means that it's also flu shot season. After everything that we've been through over the past 5 years, the number of people that are getting the flu shot is at a record low. Yay. Not to mention the fact that according to the CDC's own data, the flu shot is quote unquote moderately effective at best, and that's not even accounting for the vaccine injuries. There is a much better way to stay healthy. Grab a contagion emergency kit from the wellness company.

[45:31]

If you wake up with a sore throat or you have a runny nose, you can address those symptoms right away with a doctor prescribed kit that contains ivormectin, hydroxychloricquin, uh generic tamlu, generic Zpack, much more. It's like having an urgent care clinic in your home. I have a contagion emergency kit from the wellness company because I refuse to be trapped in line at an emergency room or to rely on expensive insurance if I catch a cold. I simply open the kit, reference a doctor written guide book for safe use and get back to life. This kit is literally a lifesaver with thousands of reviews from people just like you and me who had their kit ready in a time of need. So go to twwc. health/candace today and use code candace at checkout and you'll save $48. Get it now before cold and flu season kicks into high gear. That's twwc. healthcandis.

[46:17]

Use code candace and you'll get $48 off kits available to US residents only. Also want to remind you guys about American financing because the cost of everything is still out of control. Many of us are relying on credit cards to cover the essentials. If that debt is piling up for you, you should know that you're obviously not alone. Americans collectively owe over $1 trillion in credit card debt. You might be considering reaching out to my friends in American Financing, but you maybe stopped yourself because you didn't want to give up that low mortgage rate that you're enjoying. Well, but here's the good news. They've now created the Smart Equity Loan, which is a solution that's designed to help you take control of your finances without touching your current mortgage. Unlike a HELOC, which can have varied interest rates, the Smart Equity Loan offers a fixed rate.

[46:57]

That means one predictable monthly payment, giving you peace of mind. This loan allows you to leverage the equity that's in your home to pay off high interest debt, free up your cash flow, and keep your existing low mortgage rate intact. And it only takes 10 minutes to get started. There's no upfront or hidden fees. So, call American Financing today and start saving now. The number is 8007951210. Again, that's 8007951210. Or you can visit americanfancing. net/owens. And of course, I want to tell you guys about Nimi Skincare. You know, I love them. For years, the beauty industry kind of convinced us that we need complex formulas to achieve healthy skin. But the secret to healthy skin is actually a lot simpler. That's why I was very interested when I found Nimi Skincare. Nimi is doing something radical. They built one of the most popular lines around one of the most nutrientrich bioavailable ingredients on Earth, which is grass-fed beef tallow.

[47:47]

Tallow is traditional. It's an ancestral secret. Its composition is incredibly similar to our own skin's natural oils, which means that your skin actually recognizes it. recognizes it. It's not a chemical coating. It's real nourishment. Mimi has two products from their towel line that you should definitely know about. First, for your daily hydration, there's the Sunshine Tallow Cream. This is your go-to moisturizer. It's light, absorbs quickly, and doesn't leave you with that greasy feeling. They've combined that incredible grass-fed tallow with soothing aloe vera. I love aloe vera. And hoba oil, and it's perfect for your face and body to create a strong, resilient skin barrier against the daily grind. Then for the problem areas, for the really dry, cracked skin, they have the Buzzin tallow balm. It's an ultra rich balm that uses tallow and beeswax to create a protective barrier.

[48:33]

It locks in moisture. It shields your skin from the elements and allows it to heal. This is skincare the way that it was meant to be, which is simple, pure, powerfully effective. It's a focus on skin loving ingredients made right here in the USA. So, if you'd like to order, go to nimiskinare. com, explore their Talo line, and don't forget to use my code candace 10 at checkout and you'll get 10% off your order. That's nimiskinare. com.

## Comments.

[48:58]

Well, I'm hearing that Ian Carol is in the chat. Ian Carol, thank you. It should not be you and James Lee and Ryan Mata, who I didn't even know before this who is not letting this go going day in and day. You guys didn't even know Charlie Kirk. It shouldn't be you. It shouldn't be you guys. It shouldn't be Zeb Boyin doing ballistics. It I'm I'm missing the name. We'll get to that later this week of the guy who went over the Google searches. It should not be all of these people, but I'm glad it is. I think um the decentralization of it all is actually what makes this so powerful. Um letting you guys know by the way getting to uh some a couple of things. We did run out of the new Tumblr uh but we restocked it. So we don't no know but we know we have that uh back up in stock. We just added that today. And finally for those of you guys who pre-order the book Make Him a Sandwich is out. Why Real Women Don't Need Fake Feminism. It is so amazing to hold this book. Also, I want to tell you the they said, you know, you're supposed to go out when you do a book and ask people to write something nice about you, like Candace is amazing and I love her da da Ian Carol or something. And I just thought it would be so much more fun to go on the internet and to look at all the comments that have been said by famous people about me. So, we've got Cardi B who wrote a review. She said, "I honestly feel sorry for you." That's just a review of my character over the years. Uh, Candace Owens is a fraud from Lance Bass. Ireland Baldwin wrote, "The most disgusting, hateful, cancerous human being I've ever come across." And that's amazing considering Alec Baldwin is her father. Roseanne Bar wrote, "Monster. If I see this [ __ ] I'll knock her the f out." Keeping it classy.

[50:32]

Eminem wrote, "Dirt bag in a skirt. I don't even feel like I wear that many skirts, so that's impressive." Jojo Sea, that's my favorite one. Candace and I do not f with each other. I would have you on my show anytime. I always tell you that. Uh, and I love that you look like you're a lot happier than you were a few years ago. Ben Shapiro, notoriously on that table, said her faux sophistication has been ridiculous. So, I'm keeping it faux sophisticate. And Chrissy Tegan wrote, "Go the f away already, you dumb, soulless pandering." Thank you, Chrissy. Thank you for all the people that supported this. You guys can go to make him a sandwichand. com if you would like to support me. Uh, and this is an amazing book. I wrote every word of it. It's the first time that we took it out of a publishing house, which feels amazing because I think that's the future as well. Decentralization, publish your own books. Uh because the publishers also have a lot of power in changing history. And so I wanted to say that getting into some of your uh comments here, Ian Carol wrote writes, "Fishing takes time. You got to set the bait. It's so good to have you back, Candace." Oh, I spent time setting a lot of bait. A lot of bait has been set. And we'll see see what we get. Amanda writes, "This is sick. Thank you, Candace, for always sharing the truth.

[51:43]

God bless you." Thank you, Amanda. Kiki Mack writes, "Canis, thank you so much for helping remove the wool from my eyes and bringing me back to church. Never stop fighting for truth. You are setting an amazing example for girls in the future. We love you, sister. Christ is king." Thank you so much, Kiki. And I I do think women are a big part of this. I think we were kind of the and it gets into this in this book, but the feminist movement to know where that comes from. There's a chapter called Beyond the Pale, the Pale Settlement of Russia, who brought over that feminist movement. It is good for you to know where that came from because I think we all were doing feminism. I was when I was younger. Like I'm a feminist thinking it was like girl power spice girls and it was never that.

[52:17]

Never ever that. Amal writes, "I hate to be morbid, but God truly saved you by removing you from DW. I'm so grateful that you're in a most port by God Almighty." And I think you um and almost I don't know what that says. It was a dark time, but in hindsight, it's clearly what was happening. Amal, it actually I think it all started with Kanye tweeting me. I think handlers were sent out to manage to first and foremost break apart me and Charlie and then to manage us and I'll speak more about that this week. But I I spoke to my husband about it and I I see it so clearly now what happened and those messages between me and Charlie leading up to that week that he tweeted us. It was actually Scott Adams says who did a video that I'll never forget when that happened and he said that like like ripped a hole through the universe this tweet and it was never supposed to happen. I'm going to dig that up, find it, and speak more about what my experience was where I I do genuinely believe that handlers were sent out. And I got lucky that I had this overwhelming spiritual feeling that needed to go to the UK and I met my husband. I think I was actually saved by finding my husband, which was not accounted for. Joshua Steves writes, "Tyler Robinson appearing in court today via Zoom without having to show his face surely isn't helping any of the theories out there. It's good to have you back." Yeah. Yeah. Like I mean, come on.

[53:26]

They're like, it's like nine out of boo boo at this point. But don't worry, I'm sure no one at Turning Point will think that's weird. They're just like, it's open. It's closed. And we're so happy that that one lone shooter who got Charlie is being caught. These people just have no shame. Nobody here has any shame. And that's that's a problem. Ivana Milano writes, "Keep up the great work. Stand by your friend, reminding us that this isn't just a personal struggle, but a spiritual war." Yes, it is. In a world where money and greed are taking over people's lives, thank you for helping us to stay grounded in God's truth. Yes, it is worth losing money as I did. It is worth losing fake friends as I did to stand up for the truth. And I'm just ready for war with these people. Like all of it band together, you know, uh send your best warriors because all they ever do is lie and smear and delude and take away and deplatform and you're not winning anymore. And something that I want to say that's also so amazing is I didn't have to fight hard this time for people to believe me. And I don't know, I just know that somewhere Charlie Charlie's energy, they tried to almost like capture it very quickly. The one thing they can't do, right? They can't create. They aren't the life force.

[54:36]

These people are not the life force. They can only steal. They can threaten. Um they can pressure, but they can't create it. I feel now uh as I was reflecting on things that they all were trying to bottle up Charlie's energy and Charlie sent his energy where it needed to be. I barely defended myself as they came out, attacked, lied. She didn't even speak to him since 2017. She didn't know Charlie. She hasn't seen him. They just lied and lied and lied and lied and nobody from Turning Point defended me and said like that's a lie and what she's saying is true. Uh, and the public, not for a single second, didn't take it. The amount of money that was spent on telling those lies, and I barely had to defend myself, uh, and you guys knew that I was telling the truth.

[55:22]

And I think that that's incredible that that it truly is a testament to God and is a testament to truth. And as Ian Carol said when I had him on my show, the truth doesn't need to be repeated over and over again. It's the power of the of the frequency of truth, right? It takes a lot of little lies. It's why the lie demands the truth shuts up. It's the reason they pass speech laws. They need people to be quiet because when you start pe speaking the truth, it becomes more powerful. I truly believe that and I'm I'm calling upon everyone to do that more often. Like just speak the truth even if you're fearful of the consequence because the bigger consequence is not being right with God when you pass. Tim Morgan writes for the investigation for Charlie. We love you. God bless. Thank you so much. Um Caitlyn writes, "My brother HM passed away in 2021. He often spoke about how he knew he was not going to live past 40 years. He was saying this when he was in his 20s and he was 41. Yeah, Charlie said a lot more. He said a lot more. And I'm going to keep it close because I do think a part of it was prophecy now. I really do believe that. And uh I'm going to see this thing to the end. David Foster wrote, "I didn't even know Charlie and I was more shook up seeing the footage than the camera guy seemed in a selfie video. He wasn't even shaking. My hands were shaking and I was at home. It just does not add up. It doesn't add up. And we've got to stop accepting this excuse of like, well, what would you do? I do know what I would do. Okay, in your situation, you either run far and you don't record yourself, right? Or you go run towards your friend and you help. In fact, the only person, as Ian Carol pointed out in one of his videos, and you should sign up for um subscribe for Ian Carol's channel as well, uh he pointed out that like the only person who was acting right and was Frank Turk.

[57:03]

Like the first thing you do is get down, right? because you don't know if there's going to be another shot. How was Mikey McCoy confident enough to stay standing and walking? Nobody knows. You don't know where the shots coming from. You don't see him get shot. The first thing you would do is drop to the ground. That's like the first normal thing to do is to get low. Get make sure you're safe. And then Frank Tur kind of crawls back towards Charlie and then tries to like see him to the car. Like all of that feels normal to me. Okay. And they're always trying to make us see things through the exception. Well, it was this one time at band camp where rather exceptionally someone fired shots and someone was just really calm and walking away and I'm like, "Yeah, I've seen Men in Black. That's not the person you should trust in this scenario is all I'm saying." Um, Bayern writes, "Come back, Candace. Everyone needs Welcome back, Candace. Pardon. Everyone needs a friend like you who would fight with such fire for justice. I am so glad you were on the case. I can see that you would reveal the truth for us. don't know know but we know has become my favorite phrase. Look, Charlie uh didn't know know that he was going to die young from the moment that he started turning point as he said but he knew and he was right. So go with your gut. Believe in your dreams, right? And when people try to mock you and tell you not to listen to them, not trust your gut, know that those people are working for the devil literally. Okay? They want you to think that this life is it and this life is not it. So get right with God and tell the truth. And we'll see you guys tomorrow.
