# TPUSA RESPONDS: Yes, The Text Messages Are Real. | Candace Ep 249

Monument Ep 16 · Batch 6 · Candace Owens · 2025-10-07 · 1:05:08
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5autG89PW6w
Source: yt-dlp-manual; cleaned (lexicon + paragraph merge). Music cues dropped. No invented words.

## Chapters

- [00:00] Start.
- [01:03] X has a meltdown and TPUSA addresses the text messages.
- [28:19] Robert J. O'Neill questions the Charlie Kirk assassination narrative.
- [34:36] Lingering questions and where is Lance Twiggs?
- [43:13] John & Irina Mappin's touching letter.
- [57:46] Comments.

## Start.

[00:00]

All right, you guys. Happy Tuesday. I got to tell you something. Twitter or X, it hasn't really been that fun in a really long time. I think Elon Musk clearly gave it away to the military and we now have to suffer these military bot farms calling for war with Iran. But last night, the platform was exceptional. It was amazing. The tears that were being shed all over the place. I mean, I I really picked out the best responses to me dropping the text messages. It was hilarious. Anyway, Turning Point USA has responded to the release of the messages, so we are going to watch that. Spoiler alert, they were real, of course. And on top of that, Turning Point USA donor has published a public letter regarding me, and I was truly touched by it, and I think you will be, too. So, I want to share that.

[00:48]

Welcome back to Candace.

## X has a meltdown and TPUSA addresses the text messages.

[01:04]

My little sister called me this morning and she was like, "Candace, your podcast right now is like the show Succession on HBO." You guys, you guys know this show which is about how all of the heirs and supposed to be kind of fashioned after Rupert Murdoch's throne, all the siblings are fighting one another to see who will it be, who will it be that gets this empire. That really made me chuckle. I think that should be our new show intro.

[01:43]

Yes, yes, yes. Who will succeed? Charlie Kirk. Who shall inherit the Turning Point throne? You know what, you guys? The best part of all of this for me is unlike those illbegotten heirs on the show, I have a 0% interest in Charlie's empire. I am not motivated by the idea of carrying on his torch. Not for a single moment did I think any person could carry on his torch. Uh if you thought you could, you clearly did not know Charlie Kirk. Charlie was in fact an anomaly in the system. It happened to rarely. And uh yeah, I don't know that I will live to see another person like him. I want you guys to know something. I want to share this with you. You can take it or you can leave it, but Charlie was betrayed. I know this uh I I've known this really since the first second, but I rarely have vivid dreams and I did in fact have a very vivid one over the weekend. In fact, the last time that I I had a super vivid dream, I was pregnant. Tends to happen a lot uh to women when they're pregnant. But in that dream from 2023, my former producer of the show and I uh were standing in the control room and she told me that she was 26 weeks pregnant. This is in the dream. and she told me exactly what month the baby was coming. I asked her in the dream, "Is it a boy? Is it a girl?" And she said, "It's a boy." I woke up and I immediately texted my producer in real life and I said, "Hey, you're pregnant. Just so you know, it's a boy." And then she found out that she was pregnant one week later. She had no idea when I texted her and it's something that we reflected on a couple of months later because she was just totally shocked looking back on it. And this is our our our text chain uh from you can see 2023. She said, "You texted me June 16th and I think I got pregnant June 26th. This is crazy. And it's going to be a boy. It's nuts." I said, "I'm telling you, your baby visited me. It was an insanely vivid dream. He was on his way." And she said, "That is so bizarre." My mom also texted me that week saying that she had a dream I was pregnant. I said, "I haven't had a dream that vivid since. It's been my only vivid dream this entire pregnancy. I believe people can communicate in dreams on their way in and on their way out of this world.

[03:54]

I similarly, like I just said, had a vivid dream this weekend and Charlie came to me and he told me that he was betrayed. And so for me, you don't have to believe that, but I do believe that. And uh it was the immediate sense I got actually and I don't know who exactly it is that betrayed him but I also felt in the dream that it is soon going to be revealed that it's actually inevitable that it is going to be revealed that there is nothing and no one that is going to stop the truth from coming out and it is going to have international consequences. Take that to the bank. Quote me on that. Women tend to have a stronger intuition about people. I would say I think uh it was the writer producer Conrad Flynn that recently went on to Tucker Carlson's show and he discussed that discussed that phenomenon in the context of the persecution of Christ. He's talking about Pontious Pilot's wife warning him not to persecute Jesus. Take a listen to that portion of their conversation.

[04:56]

And if you look at Pontius Pilot, Pontious Pilot, you know, he he wants to set uh he at some point he flips and he's like, you know, this guy is innocent. My wife is having dreams about this man. That's another thing that's underreported in history. Um wife as wife as soothsayer slashdreamer. I mean, you your wife has many times been like, I have a bad feeling about this guy, Tucker. Don't have him on your show. And and and her intuition is such that you even though there's no necessarily hard evidence, you know, it's your wife's take on stuff. You don't ignore it. But that's >> I have ignored it. Um and it's >> you're like I've never actually never listened to that. >> I No, I mean I've been married 34 years as of Saturday and it's like a joke in my house. You know, I told you he was bad. I don't know. He's hilarious. You seem like a good guy to me. You know >> that's hilarious. Yeah.

[05:45]

>> So you'd be the Pontious Pilot where she's like you >> don't arrest this man. I had a dream. >> And you're like whatever. I'm doing my work right now. >> I'm very shallow. So, someone's someone who's amusing or fun to have dinner with, you know, I just get swept away. I like that guy. You know what I mean? You're like, "Braabis was amazing on that podcast. I got I got to have I got to have him on. He's he's fantastic." >> Um, >> that's actually really funny because I'm recapping conversations that I've had with Tucker where I'm like, I don't know why you trust that person at all. He's obviously a bad guy. He's like, "Really? I like him, but I had really nice dinner with him." Anyways, obviously what they're accurately describing, but I should say especially between a husband and a wife and definitely my relationship with my husband, I can say that from almost the very moment that I learned that Charlie was not going to make it, I said to George through tears that he was betrayed. And now we're all just sort of on this journey to find out by who. So, I released a text message yesterday, dropped it on the world, and it caused, and this is putting it mildly, a lot of panic. As I said, the chatter on X was top tier. Emphasis on the tier because there were a lot of them being shed by everyone who was discounting me. She's this, she's that, she's lying. Charlie never changed his mind. He was committed to Israel to the day he died. In fact, he almost died for Israel. That was the vibe they were putting down. And I was getting angrier and angrier and angrier, but self-control always pays off. There were moments on X where people were after this text message was revealed almost like bargaining like, "Please, this can't be real. Let me show you." They were making fake messages themselves.

[07:23]

This is how easy it is to make a fake message that this cannot be real. They were accusing, deluding themselves uh into believing whatever was necessary for them not to accept the reality that I was telling the truth. Of course, I was telling the truth. Here's just a few um of my favorites. Um this is village crazy lady who I love, Mel. Uh who was responding to an absurdity that was being presented by Ashton Forbes. Mel said, "These losers are down so bad right now that they are literally using their own attack lines for defense. Ashton Forbes wrote, he's been absolutely maniacal. First off, Candace has no credibility. Second, there's a bunch of Telegram group chat scams that claim to be real people. I was briefly in touch with one Elon Musk. Oh, really?

[08:09]

You were in touch with Elon Musk on Telegram? Third, if you discount the text messages between Tyler Robinson and his trans furry lover, you cannot take these at face value. Lastly, even if the text messages were real, they mean literally nothing related to Charlie's death. I find it scary how Candace is building a literal cult. Soon they'll be drinking Kool-Aid in sync with I don't even know if that says 31 Atlas to be sent to heaven. I think that might be a cult actually. That's how I'm not I'm not in a cult at all. So much I don't even recognize was probably a very big cult's name. And uh I love that Mel replies and says, "Bro, if I got scammed in a Telegram group chat by Elon Musk, quote unquote, I'd take that ish to my grave." Britta uh you can see she's also replying he was replying to Britta no soup for nullles if you want to bring that right back up. She wrote and by the way she used to work for Seth Dylan. So this is the usual chatter a group of people. She wrote is Candace posting fake group chat screenshots to conveniently back up her narrative that Charlie was dropping the pro-Israel cause and inviting Candace to the TPU stage. I'm just asking questions. All fair. We allow questions. We even allow diagnoses. We're all We're chill. We're on the side of truth. We are so chill.

[09:26]

Li Laura Loomer, who is legally just, you know, not allowed to own a gun because she's a literal lunatic, had the nerve to post this about me when somebody called her out. Morgan Ariel said, "Laura Loomer hasn't made a single post about Candace Owens reporting on Charlie Kirk's group messages. We all know she's the first to run her mouth, and she wrote because I don't give an f about Candace Owens and her postpartum psychotic rants." Even if those texts are real, it still does not mean that Israel killed Charlie Kirk. I never said that. Candace Owens makes content for low IQ people who don't understand how criminal investigations work. It's going to be hilarious when she is sued by TV USA in addition to Mcronone's wife. Yes.

[10:06]

Bankrupt her for telling the truth. Do it. Do it. Bankrupt her. Yeah. When you are down bad, just like Mel says, when they're really down bad, nothing is left, you just sue. Anyways, back to how unhinged just chatter was on X. Generally speaking, I laughed out loud. Everybody uses the term blitzkrieg. Even and the NFL football team say Blitzkrieg. Yes, it relates um back to Germany. It's a bombardment strategy. So that's why we use it when you're going to bombard. And so I called it Blitzgree egg week because we're just dropping a bunch of bombs. And Britta decided to take that literally. She said Candace thinks it's cute to use Nazi terminology and make a turning point pun while she incites further harassment of TPUSA employees by implicating them in Charlie's death. It's a sick game for her. And out of nowhere, Megan Kelly needs to stop making excuses for this vile behavior. I have no idea while why why Megan Kelly is being just abused.

[11:11]

It's like people just get drunk and beat Megan Kelly when they get home. I don't know what is happening and why she's being dragged into anything that I say, but it's exceptional that they're now looking. They're so desperate that German words. You can't even say a blitz means lightning. Cre means war. Last I checked, people are still allowed to speak German. And last I check everybody uses the terminology blitz. Litz cre Washington Post certainly does when they're describing things that's happening at the White House. But now this is how desperate they are for um anything grasping at straws. Nick Fuentes, our uh uh routine federal informant wrote writes this um why did she sit on this for four weeks and then censor the other names? Just grasping at straws. Just grasping at straws here.

[12:01]

And we follow that up by taking a a stab at Charlie Kirk who's dead. Charlie Kirk said he had no choice to lead the pro-Israel cause because a Jewish donor stopped giving him millions of dollars. What a coincidence. He had his great epiphany about Israel after they stopped paying him to shill. Speaking of paying people to shill, it's why I didn't take one minute or one sentence rather of him uh trying to uligize Charlie Kirk seriously because that right there is the real Nick Fuentes. The Quartering jumped in. He says a serious question. Let's assume the text are real and that Charlie was 100% serious and not just being sarcastic, which is totally possible. What exactly does this prove? Think before you reply. What does it prove other than someone close to him was fine leaking his texts? That's been their new talking point. How dare you leak text messages?

[12:48]

And finally, this is just funny, so we're going to show you this community notes for the win. Uh, the misfit patriot writes, "I will give Candace every single shekele. Israel has paid me for my posts if she can prove those text messages are real. Update says community notes. Andrew Kovette confirmed the screen grab was real. Of course, it was real." What I mean, I would have to be the dumbest person ever. First off, I'm not even inclined towards tech, but also would have to be an absolute a to try to figure out how to manufacture text messages for the purpose of releasing them to then probably get sued by every person that was not in the chat. Like, I'm just like, "Hey, Josh Hammer received this message." That'd be so dumb. But like I said, these people were desperate for it not to be real because they've been lying so hard about everything. They just been lying and they have some egg on their face now.

[13:40]

And reality hit them pretty quickly this morning when Andrew Kovette, Turning Point's spokesperson, confirmed that the messages were in fact real. He did this on the Charlie Kirk show. And actually, I don't think it's dramatic to state that this may be the first respectable measure taken by Turning Point USA executives since the passing of Charlie Kirk. Like the first respectable response. And yeah, I thought that that was I I will I will compliment that. Just the action of Andrew Kovette addressing it headon instantly was good. So let's hear Andrew Kovette in his own words. >> But I want to take the start of this show to address some of the things that have been going around on public, namely about a text, a group text chain that has been made known uh and released uh by Candace Owens. And I just want to address it headon because uh you know that was a text grab a screen grab that I had shared uh with people. So it it is authentic and I want to go into it because I actually am really excited that the the truth is out there. I first want to say the reason I have I didn't share that screen grab publicly is because it was a private it was a private exchange and I felt like it didn't necessarily comport with things that were already public. I wanted to not betray my friend's trust in that way. But I did share it with some people in government because it happened really quick. It was, you know, it took 33 hours for authorities to get their suspect. And in that first, in those first moments, we wanted no stone unturned. We wanted to leave nothing unturned. So, I shared it with a few people. Don't know where it went from there, apparently. Uh, but here we are.

[15:24]

So, one of the reasons, Blake, that I'm glad to have this now public, it was not mine to share publicly, but you know, one of the criticisms we've been we've received is that we don't care. We're not investigating every lead. We're not looking under every stone. And that somehow we're just like, you know, sweeping things under the rug. And when I say that we want justice for Charlie more than anybody else, I really mean it. And no stone unturned. I mean, I I don't know if you want to chime in on that part alone, but I have more to say. >> Yeah, I So, it's it has been so frustrating to have people blow up about this. And, you know, we've stated I've certainly stated publicly the reason I haven't weighed in on things is I am an eyewitness to events and they've said don't comment on things because anything you say can mess that up. I don't want to mess up any trial for the person who did this.

[16:13]

>> That's a thousand% right. And and I will say I wasn't an eyewitness. I was not there. I flew to Utah immediately uh to be with the family and the team, but I was not an eyewitness. So, there's that. But I am aware that in my role as spokesman for Turning Point USA, which is another hat I wear, that things I say I'm cognizant of the fact that things I say could negatively impact an ongoing investigation. All right. But I will weigh in specifically on this this issue of Israel because I know there's a lot of fascination. And I just want to say that, you know, we have to let free speech be our northstar here. Okay? Charlie was adamantly free speech and I am not personally going to impugn anybody's character who is asking questions and looking for answers. All right? And I will say that that text chain is consistent with public frustrations that he voiced many times. And I know Blake, you were in the trenches on a lot of this stuff because we were workshopping how we were going to do the tour and what we was, you know, he's going to get asked about Israel, what was he going to say? And this is consistent with things that he told his friends, people that are, you know, in the in the water wider movement about his wrestle that he was going. And so I just want to say like what is the truth about the way Charlie felt about Israel? Well, it's complicated and it's nuanced and it was a wrestle that was going on for months and it's probably somewhere between the BB letter and the text.

[17:46]

[18:34]

And then I went under a a very well, you could say a blitzkrieg, right? A a heavy bombardment from people who he knows hated Charlie, who tried to stop Charlie. Uh people who had no issues showing up to his memorial. I mean, really gross stuff who were attacking me. And he could have at least provided some cover. Now, I'm I'm not saying that I need help, but sometimes it's nice to offer somebody a lifeboat when they're being attacked for telling the truth, right? Uh so, I would do want to say that also, I'm glad that Andrew responded correctly because I was I was going to say this when Blake's like, "Well, you know, the investigation's ongoing." That text message has nothing to do with an investigation whatsoever.

[19:15]

Uh it has to do with the broader question of people feeling that Charlie's legacy is intentionally being hijacked by Israel. I never stated that Israel killed Charlie. Anybody that's been watching this investigative series, we've come up. I mean, there hasn't even been an Israeli name that has popped up in this investigation. There's only been one Jewish person, I think, that's popped up thus far in this investigation, which is George Zinn, Decoy Boy. So, they're just saying that they're just saying that. I just wanted to say that he was under a tremendous amount of pressure. Now, regarding uh the other things that are circulating that have not been publicized yet and people should know that there is an underground movement of truth tellers in this moment. Okay? There is an underground movement of knights all around the world from mom sleuths to government employees like he said to personal assistants to turning point USA donors who are working together to bring justice to Charlie because we don't like the way this feels. You just don't like the way it feels. The vibes are off. I will respect even though obviously that statement was prepared. I will respect the fact that Andrew says what Charlie would have said and for the first time I feel that's been expressed that we have to let free speech be our north star.

[20:30]

And I'm not so sure that the people some of the people that were donating to Turning Point USA believe that. In fact, I'm certain some of them don't believe that. Obviously, we wouldn't have that text message if they all believed that. And that is what I think is has been so frustrating is that it seems as though the executives would rather, and I'm now referring to Tyler Bowyer, impugn the character of the people who are doing exactly what Charlie Kirk would have done. So please, Andrew, make sure that Tyler Bowyer and Alex Clark get the internal memo about free speech. I want to say one more thing rather explosively. Three people told me off record, two people who have this in a written communication from Charlie, uh, one who is a Turning Point USA donor and I would say very much one of the white knights in this.

[21:25]

The very day before Charlie Kirk died, he expressed that he thought he was going to be killed. He told these people, "I think they're going to kill me." Okay? He had not expressed that to me. So I am telling you this based off the testimony of three people and I am saying this because I hope that these people who I think are good will be inspired to come forward with that. Now again those conversations I had were off record. I honor that. If I say it's off record it stays off record. But I'm hoping that watching what I am doing and feeling the energy that is rising across the world for people who want to know what the heck happened on 910 that you know they will be brave and they will say yeah Charlie did the day before he died think that he was going to be killed and maybe tell us who is they for once and for all who is they who is the they that he thought was were going to kill him. Now, to answer to give the obvious answer to federal informant Nick Fuentes's question, the reason that I waited to reveal the text messages is because I'm not a child. Okay? Like I said, I have a lot more. I'm I'm not an idiot and I have self-control and I understand that time is always going to be on the side of truth. Time is on the side of truth.

[22:37]

Liars know that that's the reality. Liars know that they have to speak quickly, that they have to speak repeatedly. And I wanted the world to truly understand just exactly what it is that we are up against. Okay? People that I deem to be mentally and spiritually evil. Okay? Evil in the true essence of the word evil. People who knowingly lied, instantly lied, repeatedly lied, and continued to do so without a trace of shame. Okay? Without a trace of shame. I mean that, right? I I really do mean it when I say that you have to be someone that is or maybe rather someone that is possessed by something that is less than human subhuman to do that. There's no there's no humanity in you. That is why I named Josh Hammer. I believe he is a deeply disturbed man. Think about that now that you have those messages. Okay, let's put this in the context. Just a few hours before I dropped that text chain, Josh Hammer was, you know, was concerning himself with what he's been doing uh since Charlie caught the bullet in his neck. He has been spreading lies, saying that Charlie never flinched on Israel.

[23:52]

Right. Charlie never flinched. Oh my god, these people like get there lying 48 hours before Josh Hammer was on that text thread. And that did not stop him from keeping up the propagandist effort when he went on a show yesterday before I dropped the messages and said this. Charlie was a was was a close friend of mine as you know. We actually spoke literally the night before his tragic and untimely death. I was on a small Zoom call with him and a couple others. We we were literally talking through this topic. I I was giving Charlie advice for how to message on this issue on his forthcoming campus tour. you know, he kind of jokingly mentioned to me, he was like, "Josh, I'm going to mention your book, Israel and Civilization, and it's so good." And that was literally our last conversation. It's just it's just so tragic.

[24:37]

This letter that he wrote to the prime minister, Chris, I read back in June or July or so. And there were so many people in the aftermath of his horrific assassination, Candace Owens, folks like that who were saying that, "Oh, Charlie was turning on Israel. He was ready to sell them out and renounce his his life's work of of sincere and genuine friendship to the Jewish people and the Jewish state. But this letter that he wrote to BB Netanyahu, Chris literally begins. The first sentence of the letter is I'm paraphrasing here, but it's a close paraphrase. As a Christian, one of my greatest joys in life is making friendships with the Jewish people and defending the state of Israel. That's literally the opening sentence of this letter.

[25:17]

>> Filth. Okay. absolute filth. I I don't understand it. I can't comprehend it. I this whatever that is that lives in him does not live in me. There was no truth in him. Obviously, there was no truth in Josh Hammer. He could have said what Charlie was going through 48 hours earlier. Yeah. He he didn't he refused to do that. In fact, I'm quite alarmed with what I know that there are three people who said uh that Charlie communicated 24 hours before he died that he thought they were going to kill him. Now, I find it rather alarming that Josh Hammer is similarly saying, "Oh, the night before." So, you spoke to him the night before. Did he communicate that to you, Josh Hammer? Did he? I'm interested. I know we won't get answers from you, but let me promise you that if I get a text message to the effect that you were somehow involved in him feeling anxiety the day before, if you did something that gave him anxiety in that way, I will release it instantly. there will be no place that you can hide.

[26:17]

Anyways, I want you guys to know that I was feeling so inspired by Josh Hammer's utter lack of human decency that I went ahead this week and sent around a life insurance policy of sorts of sorts, a package rather to people that I trust. A package filled with text messages, emails, private communications, videos, and private legal documents. So if anything happens to me, you guys will know exactly who it is that has been making my life a living hell over the past couple of years. People that are trying to bankrupt me, trying to bankrupt me and my family that are threatening us to sue us. Everything that Kanye said was so real. Okay, I'm now at that point where you look back and you go, man, Kanye was right. He was really saying something about what it takes to leave, you know, to fight for custody of your own soul. Just leave me alone. Let me say what I believe and you say what you believe. Fight fair. Why do you always have to make this threat to bankrupt people? And I want you to know that those people, if anything happens to me, they have my explicit permission to release it all. Detonate it all.

[27:24]

Expose all of these people in politics and in the movement who behave like this behind the scenes. It's necessary. And I highly recommend every single person that is out there that has a platform and is going through things and is scared do the same. send everything around to about eight people that you trust. And I mean, I I've ranged it. I sent it to journalists, text messages, and screenshots to people ranging from Max Blumenthal to Andrew Tate. They won't know where it's coming from. It will be everywhere. I want to remind you guys uh in the wake of all of this that it is so important to keep trusting our guts. We have been proven right so many times in the recent past, right? Whether we're speaking about COVID, people that had to actually take a stance before people were then suddenly government, oh admit, oh yeah, we were lying. We were lying about this.

[28:17]

We were lying about that. We feel it all right now. The feds are lying. That is.

## Robert J. O'Neill questions the Charlie Kirk assassination narrative.

[28:21]

Beyond obvious. Which is why I was very happy to hear uh former Navy Seal Rob O'Neal explain this plainly when he went on Piers Morgan's show the other day. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. >> Me, I mean, it it it was off it right from the beginning for me. It from uh do we not guard rooftops anymore? There's been assassinations, assassination attempts all over the world. Why aren't we looking at rooftops? >> Uh and then when I was sent the I was sent the video with this at the same message where they said, "Charlie Kirk was just shot." When I watched that horrific video, he was obviously dead before he hit the ground. But the questions immediately started to come to me. That was but that was not an entry room that we saw. We saw an exit wound.

[29:02]

So, where'd that bullet come from? You don't bleed like And I've shot guys closer than the camera was. Uh, and an an exit an entry wound doesn't look like that. An exit wound does. Why did his shirt move the way it did? When I've shot people, their uh their shirts didn't move like that. And then the initial reaction was, well, he was obviously wearing body armor and it was deflection. One, no. Uh, he wasn't wearing body armor. And two, it doesn't deflect like that off of body armor. Why was the shirt moving from right to left? Why were people being interviewed saying, "Yeah, they came from my left to right, from his right to left, immediately shut down." Um, and then did they tear the crime scene down immediately? Just right off the bat from seeing it, knowing he was dead, saying a lot of this is uh is bad. Not even getting into the uh the uh saliloquy of text messages that 22-year-olds don't send their translover. So immediately, it just the the the official story sounds like it needs to be investigated.

[29:51]

But now, you know, the whole crime scene's gone. They paved over it. Nothing to see here. You just have to laugh. The siloquy of the text messages that 22 year olds do not send their lovers. Yes, that's kind of the main point, guys. We have been working off a a lot of tips and so much more is going to be exposed and we're going to get into that more tomorrow. I do want to give you a quick update on Lance Twigs and like I said, uh we know that the feds are lying to us. The question is why are the feds lying to us? The answer is always the same. The feds only lie to cover their own tracks. They are protecting themselves and their bosses. Who are their bosses? Who is they? Anyway, let's take a big uh a little bit of a break here because I want to read some sponsors. First and foremost, Riverbend Ranch. I tell you guys about them all the time. I've been talking a lot about them because I love their steaks. I actually was on Instagram making them this weekend. They are fantastic. The Black Angus beef is famous for its great flavor. But Riverbend Ranch has taken black Angus beef to a whole new level. Because over the last 35 years, Riverbend Ranch has been creating an elite Angus herd by using ultrasound to select genetically superior cattle with a focus on flavor and tenderness. Each year, Riverbend Ranch provides about 850 elite black Angus bulls containing these special genetics to over 260 Western US ranches.

[31:08]

[32:10]

It's an incredible scientific breakthrough to support our long-term health, wellness, and our healthy aging. Based on over 100 studies, we know that C15 strengthens our cells and is a key healthy aging nutrient, which helps slow biological aging at the cellular level. When our cells don't have enough C-15, they become fragile and they age faster. Thankfully, Fatty 15 repairs age related damage to cells, protects them from future breakdown, and activates pathways in the body that help regulate our sleep, cognitive health, and naturally repair our mechanisms. Fatty 15 is a sciencebacked award-winning patented 100% pure C-15 supplement. It's free of flavors, allergens, or preservatives, and it's vegan friendly. Fatty 15 has three times more cellular benefits than omega-3 or fish oil. It comes in a reusable glass bamboo jar and refills are shipped right to your door. At 15 is on a mission to optimize your C-15 levels to help support your long-term health and wellness, especially as you age age. You can get an additional 15% off their 90day subscription starter kit by going to fatty5. com/candis and using code candace at checkout.

[33:14]

Fatty 15. com/candis. Code candace at checkout. Also telling you guys about Sauna Space because obviously if you're a mom, you have kids, non-stop schedule, you're still expected to look good, feel good, function without losing your mind. That's why I'm obsessed with Saunace. You have seen those red light panels that are trendy, but this is totally different. It's the glow infrared therapy light from Saunace. It helps with screen fatigue. It's amazing for your skin. In the morning, it's like natural sunlight. It's warm, comforting. It resets your body clock. And at night, it'll help you relax and get ready for a seriously deep sleep. You can even use it as pain relief on sore muscles or cramps. And the real game changer is their fire light sauna because it's portable and powerful. You're getting red light therapy and an infrared sauna allin-one. It's your personal wellness sanctuary. Plus, it's all handmade here in the USA with pure organic materials with zero EMFs for the ultimate detox.

[34:05]

## Lingering questions and where is Lance Twiggs?

[34:38]

Let me tell you guys something very interesting about this investigation. um investigation into Charlie Kirk's murder. Uh we don't feel I don't think the majority of people in the world feel that we know what happened and I want you guys to know that we have not for a single second ceased our investigation. Right? What actually happened on 910? We don't know. And we are still working through a ton of the tips related to what happened. Uh, but I want to tell you that I maintain I actually believe that this was a military hit that involved foreign actors and also literal actors. I believe that that day ran uh something akin to JFK's assassination. I believe that there were therefore multiple decoys on the ground. I do not believe, just so I'm clear here, that the person who was walking up the stairs killed Charlie. In fact, my suspicion is that that photo was not even shot on the same day. I do not believe that the person who ran across Lozi rooftop killed Charlie. I think it was another decoy. I do not believe that shot came from a Lozi Center at all. And I obviously, we all know that decoy George Zin didn't kill Charlie. And I received an interesting tip about him as well that he's much more connected than what meets the surface. He potentially has connections to the federal department, familial connections to the federal department. And we are proddding that.

[36:11]

It's getting interesting. Anyway, uh that would suggest that there are thus for a total of four decoys like George Zinn, staircase guy, maroon shirt guy, and Lozi center guy. None of which I believe actually pulled the trigger. Call it a hunch. I think it's much more likely that Lance Twigs is the one that is walking in that maroon shirt. His build is nothing like Tyler Robinson's build. Uh Lance Twigs is thinner. Uh and obviously I'm speculating here, but I believe Tyler Robinson was involved and he was in fact driving around campus on that day, therefore assisting in the costume changes, likely picking up clothing. And as we broke the story, uh Tyler was seen at Dairy Queen and what was he seen doing? As I told you, dumping clothing in the cemetery beside that Dairy Queen. So I think that is what his involvement is limited to. That was his job. Uh to get rid of clothing.

[37:11]

Uh it's completely a nonsense to think that a person who had never killed anyone was high on adrenaline after a kill and decided to eat Dairy Queen. That doesn't even make sense biologically speaking. There was going to be an adrenaline measure that kicks in after you kill a animal, yet alone a person, yet alone having it be your first kill. And you're like, he just decided to go to DQ. Sit down, write some poetic text messages. It's why they are freaking out about that Dairy Queen leak because it disrupts their narrative. One of many things that disrupts their narrative. But what about Lance Twigs, right? this uh roommate, man. Something about him. The roommate of Tyler Robinson is I think federally protected. I especially think that because we learned some more interesting facts about him. So, I feel confident, or I shouldn't say completely confident, but I feel like it's okay to venture a guess that he is a federal asset of some description. Could be related to his online work on Discord chats. It's the only thing that makes sense to me. Anyways, I can tell you guys, I can break this for you, that the government, and this would implicate Governor Cox and whoever else was a part of that press conference, uh, the morning after, the 33 hours after they apprehended Tyler Robinson, the government lied when they said, uh, Lance, you know, I'm obviously paraphrasing here, he came in peacefully. He handed over everything. I mean, the whole depiction was like he was just so shocked his boyfriend could do something like this. And so he handed over everything.

[38:49]

Well, according to his family, that's just not true. According to his family, he was raided and he was angry about that raid. And yet, he was instantly released back into their care within 6 hours. Isn't that something? They had no idea what was happening. They were going off of Mike, the mysterious detective Mike Mitchell's tip. They had no confession. They have Tyler Robinson walking in uh peacefully because he doesn't want to die. And uh you're telling me Lance Twigs, for whatever reason, you released him immediately back into custody. No, they lied. He was not being compliant and walking in and showing them everything. Something else that was interesting, we had told you guys that Tyler's family thought that there could have been something weird going on with that raid, that perhaps the feds could have been staging that apartment to fit into their narrative. Now, the feds are staging this entire operation. So, that would follow that if you're trying to get a conviction, you got to be like, "And we found this in his house." The note underneath the keyboard. So convenient. But he destroyed it. He took a picture of it, but then he destroyed it cuz if everybody knows if you want to destroy something so it never sees a light of day, he took a picture of it so it lives forever in the iCloud.

[40:07]

Anyways, uh we were told by Lance's family that who by the way own the apartment that the two of them lived in that Tyler and Lance lived in. We were told that somebody illegally changed their locks on the home following the raid. Obviously illegal. They were not informed that the locks were being changed. So, it gives us two options. It was either Lance or it was the feds. I was wondering like, you know, if you're Lance and you really got swept up in this and you're so shocked that Tyler Robinson did this, is are you speaking to your family about that? My gosh. I'd imagine you want to speak to your family. No. No. It seems uh Lance has similarly been in an unknown known location since the raid. I would imagine he was in witness protection for a bit, but he doesn't he doesn't need family. He feels I would say that suggests that he's pretty arrogant right now in this moment. He's not fearful of anything. Like I said, the sense I am getting is we are watching a play, right? The government has us completely distracted with photos of people who are not even the same person. I never for a second thought the person that was in the maroon shirt was the same as the person that was walking with the limp. It's completely foolish and ridiculous.

[41:24]

[42:20]

We should definitely dig into George Zinn. We should definitely try to confirm uh this relatively strong tip that he has connections to the feds because it would be very interesting if the feds were going to pay George. I'm not saying they are. Uh but yeah, why why wouldn't he know? I mean, make that make sense. Why wouldn't George Zin know where the payment was coming from? Yeah. Anyways, you guys, we are on the case. I wanted to share that with you. as some other explosive things that we have found out that the feds have not shared. Other people that they were questioning that they did not share. People that similarly have been told to be quiet about everything. And let's be clear, they are not asking everyone to be silent because they are seeking a conviction against Tyler Robinson. They are telling everybody to be silent because they don't want to get caught.

[43:10]

The feds are covering their own tracks.

## John & Irina Mappin's touching letter.

[43:14]

All right, guys. Guys, I want to pivot here and I I want to read you something. Well, now I want to be I want to be perfectly clear that despite all appearances over the last two weeks, it has been a very difficult time for me. Uh obviously, normally when I'm covering a story, I'm bombastic and I feel brave and focused because I am speaking about someone that has nothing to do with me. This has been particularly challenging because I had and I still am very much grieving Charlie and waking up to the realization that not everyone is grieving him in the same way that he may have just been a political pawn to so many people that he loved deeply. I mean it it I'm going to be honest even Donald Trump's non-reaction not making any demands um for truth regarding this investigation deeply upsets me. deeply upsets me because I know how much Charlie Kirk loved Donald Trump. Uh, so I was just so I was happy. It brought literal tears to my eyes when a donor from Turning Point USA, a donor that actually then unlocked a whole another level of donations for Charlie Kirk through introductions that he made for Charlie and a donor who it's it's ironically this is the very donor that when I said to Charlie, "We need to be in the UK. We need to be in the UK." and he was like, "Well, I know somebody uh who I could maybe have set up an event.

[44:38]

We can start Turning Point UK." And that event was when I first laid eyes on George. Not when I spoke to him, but when I actually first laid eyes on him. Uh that donor issued a public statement. And uh I think he will be the first of many donors that might make a public statement. And he made this statement in my favor. This was written by him and his wife, two wonderful people, John and Arena Mappen. Uh, I'm just going to read it because I think these words don't just eloquently express how I'm feeling, but I think these words eloquently might express how we are all feeling worldwide. Like I read this and I said to myself, I couldn't have written this better myself with all the time in the world. John and Aarina Wright, Charlie Kirk built Turning Point USA on transparency, free speech, and a relentless pursuit of truth. We are witness to that. If Candace Owens had been assassinated, Charlie would have torn apart every lie and devoted every working day and night to uncovering the full truth. He would not have trusted the authorities to deliver justice. He would have demanded it from the rooftops. Charlie would not have waited for the funeral or memorial to happen.

[45:44]

He would have gotten to work immediately. He would have worked night and day to uncover exactly what had happened to his great friend. Consider this. Charlie did not sleep for several days and several nights just to ensure that JD Vance became the vice presidential nominee. And although that job was supremely important for the country and its future, it was still ultimately simply helping to secure a job promotion. Candace is working to get to the truth of who killed Charlie Kirk and why they did it. Charlie's execution is an assassination with potentially far-reaching political consequences for America and the world. What we have seen so far beggars belief. a crime scene apparently completely destroyed in days and plenty of evidence that simply does not add up. This investigation and the truthful answer as to who was really responsible for deciding that Charlie would be executed in front of the world will affect America's future, its collective soul and conscience forever.

[46:38]

The truth, when known, and we believe it will be known, will have far-reaching international consequences. The very idea that someone could be convicted and could receive the death penalty when there remains even the slightest shadow of doubt or shred of uncertainty that they may not be guilty of that crime and that Christian souls would tolerate that possibility is anathema to all the teachings of Christ. If there were circumstances where a suspect or someone standing trial for murder did not have a clean opportunity to receive the very best and fairest legal representation to present their case and defense to the world. It would have been aborant to Charlie Kirk. It would go against every constitutional principle that he lived, fought, and died for. Erika is in mourning. May God bless her and her family. Please give her and her family time to grieve. Any civilized culture, Christian or otherwise, allows a grieving widow 40 days of mourning to make peace with the Lord and to respect the departed. Those people who truly love her would gladly grant her all the space she needs. We certainly do. But we are growing rather sick and ashamed of seeing people criticize Candace for doing her level best to get to the bottom of and to the truth of what happened to Charlie on that day. You don't have to agree with Candace on every subject that she addresses on her shows to acknowledge that much of what she is presenting on the subject of Charlie's death is extremely concerning to America and to the world. Completely valid and very relevant to the investigation. She has an army of truth seekers worldwide who are helping her in her search and her research. This is a truly new and modern phenomenon that has never happened before. This is not 1963 and boomers need to get used to it. In our view, the official investigation should be immediately ordered by the appropriate legal authority to proactively share everything they know with Candace and her selected team. That is, if truth and real understanding of who decided to assassinate Charlie and why is the sincere objective, that would go some way towards restoring public trust in the system. It is our view that her actions are not just the actions that any real friend would take for their friend. They are the actions of the highest order of patriotism. Candace's actions are service to the whole country and to the world. Beyond that, they are truly providential, divinely inspired, and metaphysical. There is a relationship between truth and all living things. There is a relationship between truth and God. Right now, Turning Point USA is at a vital moment.

[49:00]

If we continue to witness the mistreatment and the suppression of a young woman and a mother of four young children who is doing everything she can to help get to the truth about who decided that her friend and fellow freedom fighter Charlie had to die, they will lose the country and the world and America will have lost one of its greatest living patriots only to see those factors against which he fought and died for win. Canis's extremely valid point that hers has so far been one of the only public voices from Charlie's closest friends questioning the absurdity of some of the communications regarding what happened and demanding clarity is well made and frankly that point alone is shocking to the world. We have been receiving calls from senior Republicans and from Turning Point donors who agree with her all last week and they started up again this week. They agree with Candace, but seeing the attacks that she is experiencing, they are terrified to voice their views publicly. Is that really where we are in 2025?

[49:54]

Few people following the matter believe the official version, the virgin version, a low minority believe that the current suspect is guilty. That statistic alone is an awful commentary on the state of the official investigation. The world wants truth. The world Charlie and those who truly loved him and knew his purposes certainly deserve justice. But justice needs not just to be done. It needs to be seen to be done justly. I want to read that sentence again because it's very powerful. Justice needs not just to be done. It needs to be seen to be done justly. It must be truthful. It must be fair. And it must be clean. If there are videos, show them. If there is evidence, show it. The world is not going to accept anything less. This is not about who is right or wrong or whose theory is correct. Candace's investigation is about actually getting to the truth. Whatever that truth is. If the current theory for the shooter is truth, then okay, that is a lie. Then we need to know. Every episode of Candace's show since Charlie died from her heartfelt emotional tribute to her exceptional journalism has been incredible. And anyone who cares for the truth and who wants to know who killed Charlie for real should watch every episode in its sequence.

[51:03]

The fact is that we are being told as his friends or simply as people who had never heard of Charlie Kirk before his assassination simply does not make sense to the vast majority. It feels like gaslighting. It feels like we are being lied to. It is not hard to tell the truth to the public or to present the clear facts that illustrate the truth clearly. Many extremely ethical people helped to build Turning Point in all associated groups. Turning Point Action and Turning Point Faith. Many of these people are existing and potential future donors. We know many of them. Ethical people will not stand for lies or injustice, either privately or publicly. The existing and future donors who were friends of Charlie's and those he loved deserve no less. But please spare us the absurd and evil suppression of suggesting that Candace should not be doing exactly what she is doing. She is doing no more and no less than what her friend Charlie would have done for her.

[51:53]

Her actions are far more reasonable and experiencable than an assassin's bullet to the throat. Consider for a moment the evil of possibly allowing the conviction of a potentially innocent party with the death penalty. We can only begin to imagine the wrath of God and how upset Charlie will be if an innocent man were to be executed for his assassination and what ill fortune would befall a Christian country and the individuals that would allow this. In this sense, Christianity and a leading Christian democracy are now on trial. There's a special place in eternity reserved for those who would allow such an injustice. If Turning Point and Charlie left in charge, if Turning Point and those who Charlie left in charge failed to stay true to the principles and purposes on which Charlie founded it and with which he and Candace originally breathed life into it during its formative years, then Turning Point will end up like MySpace. It will become just one more ineffective and rather dull has been activity. I believe that God has other plans for Charlie and for his legacy. A cover up of the truth is not, in my view, part of God's plans. I believe that people of goodwill from all over the world will will ensure that.

[53:06]

Keep going, Candace. Charlie is walking with you every step of the way. He loves you deeply, and you are right about your friendship with him. Never at any time. Through all the challenges that the political arena and life brought, did he ever withdraw his friendship from you, Candace, you were you are an eternal cornerstone in his life and his legacy. What a great friend you are being to him. We are all witness to that. All of our love, John and Arena. Oh, it's going to make me cry again. It's just like I really needed it. I don't know. I just really needed it. Like it's just I feel like I kind of went through a process where I was going like in those two weeks following was any of it real? You know, like I when I expressed to you that I felt that Charlie's life was like the Truman Show and then I I know that's how you guys felt because we were we were just expecting a fight. We were just expecting a fight and instead it seems like the very things that Charlie was fighting lies no matter what they were somehow were being platformed and allowed. So, thank you, John. Thank you, Reena. I cried last night reading that. I almost cried on air there reading it again. I I needed it. So, anyways, you guys, I'm going to read a couple of more sponsors and I want to get to all of your comments, some explosive things that we will be revealing tomorrow. I'm really excited about everything. And also, I want to add to this, thank you guys, not just John and Arena, for being the first donors that took a public stance. But before they did this, it was all of you guys at home. Truly, uh, the tags fighting for me in the comments when I was being smeared, when they even tried to wipe away my friendship, like she hasn't spoken to him since 2015. It was you guys. Like, you this letter is is for you. Every time he says Candace, he means all of us. All of us did this. So anyways, um tell you guys about Tax Network USA. Maybe you owe back taxes.

[54:50]

Uh maybe your tax returns are not filed. Maybe you forgot to file for an extension. The October 15 deadline is fast approaching and time is running out. So if you haven't gathered all of your documents or made any estimated payments, you could soon be targeted by the IRS. They can garnish your wages. They can freeze your bank accounts or even seize your property. But there's help available. Tax Network USA, a nationwide tax firm, has helped taxpayers save over 1 billion in tax debt. They filed hundreds of thousands of tax returns and assisted thousands in reducing their tax burdens. And they can help you. So don't wait. Visit tnusa. com/candis or call 1800-9581000 for a 100% free consultation in one short call. The experts at Tax Network USA will guide you through some simple questions to determine how much you can save. Take action now before it's too late. Visit tnusa. com/candis or call 18009581000.

[55:40]

[56:21]

[57:10]

But the most beautiful part is a gift that will be given to the winner in the winner's honor, which is that $500 gift basket will be delivered to a new mom and a lifesaving ultrasound will be donated through pre-born. On top of all of that, during the entire giveaway period, 10% of all sales from Nimi will be donated directly to Pre-born. To enter and to be a part of this incredible mission, please go to nimiskare. com/life. Uh you can get bonus entries by following @ nimiskare official on Instagram and sharing the giveaway post. So, let's come together. Uh stand for life. Visit nimieskincare. comlife.

## Comments.

[57:47]

All right, you guys. I'm glad I held it together. Glad I held it together reading that letter. Uh, first comment that we have is from Jennifer. Jennifer writes, "Do we know anything about the security team that was supposed to keep Charlie alive?" I do. I have everybody's names, the people that we couldn't identify. Uh, Jennifer continues, "So many questions. Since the MO was out there due to Trump, why wasn't this taken into consideration? Were drones offered and or declined? Did they do a drill run through that morning?" Amir Odum, hey, what's up? Thank you. You have a great uh he has a great YouTube channel, Amir Odum. He writes, "Before we judge Candace for thinking that there's hidden agendas, we have to admit history has given her every reason to." Absolutely. There are this is political politics is nasty business. Amir, as you know, you know, you're a friend of someone who's in politics. Brett Cooper Corey Henry writes, "Give me the Kool-Aid in a juice box." Lmo regarding Ashton Forbes cult comment. Yeah, it was totally crazy. I don't know what I like. Yeah, maybe we're in a cult of truth. I don't know like what what's it called? Maybe Christianity. I mean like I want to tell the truth. So there's that. Sarah D writes, "Keep going, Candace. Love from Australia." Thank you, Sarah. Steve writes, "A major victory in defending Charlie's true legacy. We stand with you, Candace. The truth will come out.

[59:03]

When it does, it will shake the foundations of the world. I believe it. You believe it. We all believe it. John and Arena believe it. Uh we feel it, you know, like we're fighting and it it feels there's a finality to it. like this had to happen and the demons are frantic and they're angry and I only have a platform because I keep telling the truth. You know, if I had lied, if I had sold my soul, which many people have done, I I wouldn't have earned your trust. And so, yeah, it comes at a cost. It certainly comes at a cost. The last two weeks have been very hard, but it also comes at an even more amazing reward. Justine Low writes, "As soon as you said he was betrayed, I knew it was true. My female intuition at work brought me to tears and prayed for your safety." Thank you. He was He was RN Explorer writes, "Thank you for fighting for the truth. I believed you from the beginning. I am crying as you read that letter. I'm glad you cried on me because I was like, not twice in the same year am I going to be caught crying." Um but yeah, you are laying your life and fighting for the truth for your friend. Amy writes, "Most holy theoticus bless and protect the handmade of God, Candace and her family." Candace, so many of us in the Orthodox Christian community are praying for you. Lord have mercy on us all. Yep.

[01:00:26]

You know, it's uh it has also been great to feel the Orthodox and the Catholic energy rising. And I and I want to be clear. I'm not saying that as a pot shot uh to other denominations, but it feels like for a lot of there's been a lot of persecution and a lot of this for some reason has involved, as I showed you yesterday, you know, pastors that have been a part of this like part of spreading these lies and that is it's not good. It's just not good to have pastors uh using the Bible to lie. It's just not okay. Maheen Sadiki writes, "I think it would be interesting to do a deep dive into how the term Judeo-Christian came about. I'm aware of it. It seems to be a very convenient word for Israel. I don't think any of the core values or their views on Jesus are shared." It definitively is not. And um you know, we inherited it. We were all in public schools. We all thought the same thing. I was working for Zionist entities. So I don't fault us our ignorance. That is how the deception is is thick, you know, and we're finally piercing through that layer for the first time. Will Wallace writes, "Decoy boy, please reach out to Candace's people for the tea." Gang gang is inquiring. We feel like we know, but we don't know now, right? I agree.

[01:01:41]

Elder MJ writes, "Rooting for you from Malaysia and praying for your safety. You are so brave. Thank you." Donna writes, "I'm not crying. You're crying, Candace. I know you were crying. I felt the Holy Spirit in every word that you pressed today. Godspeed. And may uh the may he bless you eternally for what you are doing. The potential sacrifice of your life and those around you. Yeah, I think we have to be brave. And I'm a real Christian. I know this life is not it. I know it's not it. And um in fact, people I know have intentionally been trying to convince us that this is it. so that they can further commit you uh to their matrix to get you to agree to sell your soul, to get you to agree to lie because you're so worried about things that are in this world. I I know that uh Charlie Charlie soul was removed from his body and I know that he's watching and I keep that in mind when it gets hard. I keep in mind that Charlie is watching. I know I feel um that he's with me and he's proud that somebody who cared about him is fighting. Boredom took over, right? You are literally my spirit animal and have given me the motivation to push forward on my dream.

[01:02:44]

Charlie is so proud of you, love. Please don't give up on us and these fakes should be scared. You are the storm. Thank you. We are the storm. Cuz I'm telling you, I could not do it without you guys. Um, and my family. They've just been amazing. Luna writes, "Charlie also told Dr. Frank Turk right before his death when they were having a combo about upping his security that Charlie knows quote unquote they want him dead. Frank shared this on his podcast following Charlie's death. That makes four." Yeah. He knew. He would know. He knew he was going to be killed. Who did he think was going to kill him? That's the question. And I'm glad to hear that Frank Turk shared that. Linda writes, "Girl, you made me cry. God bless you.

[01:03:20]

I'm praying for you." A Maria, thank you. John and Arena made me cry. So, it's really their fault. If you ought to be angry at anybody, you can be angry at Jed Arena for writing that. It just I I did I I felt the Holy Spirit in those words. I really did. I It's how we're all feeling. Turtle Mama writes, "I enjoy listening to your content and I feel so at peace with the information that you share as truth. Sending prayers from Mississippi and stay safe." Thank you so much, Turtle Mama. Uh, we're all actually doing this thing. Uh, so thank you guys for supporting me on this journey. Thank Thank you for all of you guys that have signed up at canowens. com, bought yourself a hat, a t-shirt, joined our CIA, the decentralized, which is more of a threat, by the way. If it's centralized, you can just whack it. If it's decentralized, it's everywhere. And that's why I sent out that little packet to people that I trust. that I said screenshots to Max. I'm like everyone who is threatening me behind the scenes all that stuff using lawfare to threaten me or speech like we're now all attached. Okay, so there we go. I recommend that everybody does that. Send it to people on the left. Send it to people on the right. Um I I love that people on the left and right are finally coming together. Can I say that as well?

[01:04:28]

Gosh, we are over time for the book club. Hopefully people are on this so they know why we're late to the book club uh which we have tonight as we begin this introduction to this book which they will not reprint but is a must readad Sigman Freud and the Jewish mystical tradition. So anyways you guys I'll see you over on kennace. com.
