# BREAKING NEWS: A Woman Was Seen With Charlie Kirk's Shooter | Candace Ep 246

Monument Ep 13 · Batch 3 · Candace Owens · 2025-10-01 · 51:29
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adJ4LNGp84I
Source: yt-dlp-manual; cleaned (lexicon + paragraph merge). Music cues dropped. No invented words.

## Chapters

- [00:00] Start.
- [01:28] Addressing some theories.
- [04:52] All the news faces in Utah leading up to Charlie's murder.
- [07:32] The female accomplice and questions about who was involved.
- [25:45] Netanyahu meets with influencers on how to control social media.
- [34:09] Megyn Kelly attacked out of nowhere.
- [41:41] Comments.

## Start.

[00:00]

The countdown begins now, ladies and gentlemen. I'm telling you that you can begin your timers because it is not going to be long until the media tries to convince you that Megan Kelly, yes, that Megan Kelly is Adolf Hitler. I'm not kidding. It's definitely coming. There is going to be some headline in the near near future that reads, "Meghan Kelly is flirting with anti-semitism. You can book it." Why? Because out of nowhere and for absolutely no apparent reason at all, the agents like I think of them as like Mr. Smith in the Matrix have around I guess they're surrounding Megan Kelly and demanding that she makes a statement against me and Tucker Carlson. Of course, Candace Owens and Tucker Carlson. It is so bonkers. I got to show you what they are saying to her.

[00:49]

But before we get into that, some incredible breaking news. We have now confirmed that there was indeed a woman who was with the shooter in the footage that was captured by the houses nearby the area. And for whatever reason, the FBI has not yet released or even acknowledged that that footage exists. This is absolutely huge. Actually, I think this is the biggest thing that we have uncovered since the beginning of this investigation. So, let's jump right back into this. Welcome back to Candace.

## Addressing some theories.

[01:30]

Okay. So, a couple of things that I want to clarify right at the top here because sometimes we get a ton of emails about one subject that we've already researched and that is the case regarding first and foremost, you're seeing a lot of this chatter going around about the renting of the State Farm Stadium for Charlie Kirk's memorial service. I think there were 90,000 people that attended and then spilled over. And many people online have speculated accurately, by the way, so some credit to you guys that in order to book a venue of that size, you would have had to done so in advance, right? Venue contracts do not just materialize out of nowhere for a space that holds that many people plus spillover. Now, given my many sources at Turning Point USA, I was able to quickly get an answer on that one for the public. The venue was indeed secured in quick order. Uh but that was because they had help from the White House and uh Turning Point did not book that venue back in May. So we can formally debunk that. I was told that the White House stepped in and put in a personal phone call to the event coordinator. Uh, and they actually did already have an event that was scheduled and the White House simply asked those people if they would be willing to move or reschedule their event. It was apparently supposed to be an RV show actually and obviously given the nature of the tragedy, it was globally traumatizing to everybody. I think everybody was moved uh by Charlie Kirk's assassination. the people that held that space were willing to oblige it. So that tracks with me that seems accurate. I just wanted to help you guys with that information. Also, another thing that I came across and this is regarding Phil Lyman's campaign website. You guys were asking me if we came across that. Yes, I I did come across that and I actually in in the short run didn't think much of it because I thought, okay, well, he was running a campaign and he has a website and maybe people were writing in reviews and saying he was a great person. But yes, we were aware that George Zinn is one of just 20 people uh that is a featured endorsement. He endorses Phil Lyman's character. You can see that here. George Zinn writes, "Rare to find a more caring man with uncompromising goals to make Utah great for generations than Phil Lyman. Not a politician who can be pampered. Phil has a knowledge of urban and rural Utah from every corner and community. Utah is in desperate need of true leadership and representation.

[03:55]

And Phil has the passion and the values to be a great governor. He needs our support. Now, uh not sure what to make of that. I did want to use Wayback Machine to see whether or not that was a new entry. Maybe somebody is is trolling there. And no, they are not. That entry has been there at least since I'm going to show you this on Wayback. At least since June 6th, 2024. Uh so I don't know what to make of that. Now, I will say other locals told us that George Zinn, for whatever reason, is very in involved in Republican politics. Uh, take from that what you will, meaning that he shows up to a lot of events. But, of course, Phil Lyman's people would have been controlling that website, certainly should have been aware of his erratic character and maybe wouldn't want to have featured him on that website. I don't know. It's definitely um something to consider.

## All the news faces in Utah leading up to Charlie's murder.

[04:53]

Some other things that are of interest. Okay, yesterday we mentioned that apparently it was kind of everybody's first day on the job, right? 910 was everybody's first day on the on the job, meaning that there were a lot of these recent and brand new hires in Utah that would all kind of come across and have to deal with this case. Kash Patel, I told you, cleaned house at the state bureau. He then installs a person that has a long tenure in DC, Robert BS. His first case is Charlie Kirk's assassination. Uh why would he want to uproot and move his family to Utah after having roots in Virginia for so long? I don't know, but that is the that's the the circumstance. Also, I told you there was a new CEO and therefore a new lead surgeon, Andrew Zanger, over at the hospital, the regional hospital that Charlie was taken to. although that was not the nearest hospital from the university and it also ranked extremely low in terms of the most uh best equipped hospital if you will to deal with the sort of trauma uh that Charlie was suffering from a neck wound obviously. So it's very strange. I think it would be interesting to learn whether or not that new CEO and surgeon worked on Charlie. That's something that I would like to find out. If you know that information, please send it to us at tips@canniswowens. com.

[06:17]

Okay, that's not it though. There were al also some other new people and I forgot to mention the judge that is in the case that is overseeing the case against Tyler Robinson is Judge Tony F. Graph Jr. He was recently appointed to the fourth district court in May of 2025 by Governor Spencer Cox. I was also informed that the coroner in this case was also brand spanking new. That name has not yet been released. I am told that person is new. Okay. And I have also learned I've been told that Charlie did indeed have an autopsy. I wanted to let you guys know that because I saw a lot of rumors that were circulating that he did not have an autopsy. That has been occur been confirmed. An autopsy did take place. By the way, you should know that in the state of Utah, in case you like me, are maybe holding your breath that we're going to uh see that report. Those reports are actually kept private. So, there isn't going to be some big release outside of what maybe the immediate family members wishing for that and saying, "I feel like something's wrong and I would now like to release the autopsy report." That's the only way that we are going to be able uh to see it. That's at least what I've learned. Now, let's jump back into.

## The female accomplice and questions about who was involved.

[07:35]

What actually took place on that day. because I'm starting to get a bit of a stronger hunch about things. We'll jump back in here regarding Shainer Broadick, who is according to Phil Lyman, a a cousin who um he refers to Phil as his uncle across interviews. Doesn't matter. They're family members is the main point. And they know each other. And Shainer Brderick has of course mysteriously deleted all of his socials except for Instagram, but he's wiped his Instagram. Okay, just deleted his Facebook and just outright deleted his LinkedIn page because I asked him a question before we even went live. That was his response. Okay, now he did this not before I grabbed everything that I needed from his pages. I just had a suspicion that he might not be willing to participate and I was operating under the assumption that he might just privatize his socials. So, I instructed my team to grab everything before I even made contact. Now, what I did not anticipate was that he would delete the content.

[08:42]

Okay. Why would why would he delete the content? That part never wasn't tracking for me. It didn't make sense to me. Now, it sort of maybe does make a lot of sense to me. So, you will recall that we had received a lead live on the show. someone paid money uh to inform us that there was footage that the FBI was hiding. Right. She wrote in said, "I have been trying to reach out to you everywhere. The FBI is hiding footage." The doorbell cam footage had more. This is what the person told us. She said, "Um, the shooter is then seen changing his clothes and he is with a woman." She told me. Then she gives me a name and that name uh was uh another Lyman family member and that's when my spidey senses started tingling. I'm like, "Okay, this is a lot of Lyman." Now, I want to be very clear and fair to Phil Lyman. He has been forthcoming about the fact that his family owned that property. Like they own everything there. That is not mysterious. He's not hiding that fact.

[09:40]

UVU in many ways purchased uh the university from his family, right? That the the acreage from his family for that university. Um but I did feel that if that is the case obviously um then Phil Lyman would in theory be able to access that um access that footage right be able to speak to his family members and yeah I didn't want to come out and say that it was a fact that the woman that there was a woman with the shooter without any proof. We had no we had no proof outside of this person and what she was saying felt real to me definitively, but I needed something more solid. Well, we came across something more solid. Um, we reviewed the footage that Shaneer brought, of course, we downloaded everything, but hadn't actually reviewed it, had wiped from the internet. And, uh, yeah, the proof is in the pudding, and I'm going to let you hear it. Now, to set this up, you will recall that Shainer and his close friends that nobody knows.

[10:44]

Apparently, they were retracing the footsteps of the killer. They were at his grandma's house, he said. And he's speaking on camera with his aunt to set this footage up for you. And sure enough, you're going to hear right in the beginning, uh, his aunt is going to mention that there was a woman who was helping the shooter. and she's not sure whether or not that person was an accomplice. I would say if you're helping you're helping the shooter, you were an accomplice accomplice. But somehow we all missed this in this actual clip that Shainer had posted and has since been wiped from the internet. Take a listen. >> If you time how long it took him to get from that little part over to here was way longer than it should have been. So, I wondered if the girl had given him stuff like if there is an accomplice. Sorry, you're filming.

[11:36]

>> And it said right here that picture from Sam's across the street. He was right here. >> Yep. >> See, you see she's talking about the shooter and she says, "I was wondering if the girl had given him stuff." And then somebody off camera says, "You know, you're filming." And she says, "I'm sorry that you're filming." But it's very clear. There's no question at all. In fact, leading into that, which we should have maybe cut that a little bit earlier, they're speaking about how she thought the FBI had it wrong. The timing didn't make sense to her. Um, and she that she started with, I don't, you know, the timing doesn't make sense to me because I thought that it took a little longer for him to walk. Let's play that again, Skyler, just so they can hear it again. She says there's a girl. Take a listen.

[12:15]

>> If you time how long it took him to get from that little part over to here was way longer than it should have been. So, I wondered if the girl giving him stuff like if there is an accomplice. Sorry, you're filming >> and it said right here. That picture from Sam's across the street. He was right here. >> Yep. >> So, just to be clear, those um subtitles are wrong. It's just that that's AI. She's saying, "I wondered if there is an accomplice." Okay. I wondered if there is an accomplice. Which we should edit that, Chris, when we re-release that. Um and then somebody says something something and she's like, "Sorry, I didn't realize you were filming." Okay. So, we have the woman who was my source who said that the FBI cut the footage and she was certain of it. And now we have actually the woman who handed over her footage to the FBI saying, "I wondered if that woman was an accomplice, ladies and gentlemen. What the heck is going on? Who was the woman that was with the alleged shooter? Why wouldn't the FBI immediately release that?" Now again, you should recall that the very next morning on September the 11th, TMZ already had the doorbell cam footage.

[13:31]

Okay, so that means that the FBI already had the footage, right? They would have seen that there was a woman with the shooter. And yet they chose during this manhunt, during this 33-hour manhunt, not to inform the public that they were also looking for a woman who this lady believes, she wondered whether or not she would have been an accomplice. If that if that was his accomplice, what happened to this lady? Who is the girl, the woman that was in this footage, guys? I don't know. What are your ideas here? Why would the FBI not tell us something so evidently crucial to this story that we have a woman that's involved? Was she what does she look like? How old is she? I obviously um did the the sensible thing, right? I reached out to Phil Lyman because it's his family and I asked him whether or not he would be willing to track down this footage for me and uh he's not happy with me. He's angry. I mean, he said really not nice things to me. He started asking me if I had something to do with the shooting.

[14:45]

Okay. And I basically just stayed focused and said, "Phil, okay, we showed your footage. I'm He's very upset about cousin versus nephew thing. It's I It's all irrelevant. If you're saying you actually want to help us catch the killer, right? If that's really where your heart was, if that's really why you injected yourself so much into this story, why wouldn't you, knowing how deeply I care about this, walk over while you're in the neighborhood popping by, walk over to your aunt, grandma, cousins, I don't care whose house, and say, "Hey, you said there was an accomplice, that there was a woman, okay, that might have been an accomplice. Do you mind letting me see the raw footage so that I can hand it over to Candace? In fact, how about just giving me any of the footage that your family rushed to give to TMZ. Why did they rush to give it to TMZ? By the way, you that you definitely were at said you were at your cousin's house and that you hadn't seen the footage. You were watching it live with Kaylee Mcaney on Fox News. That's what you said during that segment, right? I'm this is the first time I'm seeing this footage. So, apparently your cousin close enough to go to their house, but your cousin decides to give the footage of TMZ before you can even see it. Okay. Maybe maybe the feds gave it. That's another assumption. That's the only two options.

[16:01]

Either your cousin gave it to TMZ or the feds gave a portion of it to TMZ, which begs the question, why were we not told about the woman? Who was the woman? We should now all be putting a lot of pressure on the FBI to make a statement about why the woman who handed over her footage, I have now twice confirmed in her own mouth and from a source that there was a lady in that footage with the shooter. So, why are they worried about that being caught on camera? Oh, sorry. Didn't realize you were filming. What's that about? It's like everybody knows something that I don't know, and I I want to be in the know on what happened to Charlie Kirk on 910. So, if you have any tips pertaining to who the woman was that was caught, uh, please let me know. I am going to try again to reach out to this family since I don't think that Phil Lyman wants to assist me. doesn't like me, that's fine. I wonder if he likes truth.

[16:58]

If he likes trying to solve this thing, that would be great as well. If he doesn't want to talk to me, I'm happy to put him in touch with another journalist. But if you know something more and you'd like to reach out to us, please do. Reach out to us on social media. And I please ask again that you guys reserve not sending us videos and Tik Toks and links, but rather if you have information, please use tips. com. I love you all and I love that the whole world wants to know what happened and I'm grateful for that. But there are just there's only so much data that an inbox can take and we might have to just make a second a second line is what I think we should do. Um Skylar, we should talk about that. Okay, now we we turn our attention back to the mysterious individual that is uh next to Shainer, right? We discover that one person was from Austria. And then we're going, who's this goth kid that uh Phil has been clear? He does not know him. Phil Lemon does not know this individual.

[17:50]

Could I help identify him? I told you it was unusual that our inbox wasn't instantly flooded with people telling us exactly who it was. Well, then we did get another hit on him and a handful of you similarly found the same person that we did. A person going by the name Robbie Hild who is allegedly from Washington. Now, let me tell you why I don't think this is his true identity. Okay? Because if this was just some kid who grew up in Washington, went to school in Utah, my inbox would be flooded with that name. And it's not. Okay? It's simply not. Oddly, no one has come forward to claim that they know Robbie Hill. They're all just saying, "I got a hit. I got a hit. This might be him." No one is saying they went to school with him. This is a young college student. He's allegedly, like I said, from Washington State. And no one personally can say, "I know this person." How could that be? How could that be? I'm going to tell you something. I'm starting to get a hunch about things and uh we're going to go more deeply into this tomorrow, but many of you guys have been sending those clues about the AOV battalion, about um Ukrainian, Russian uh people that were coming into Utah. There seems to be some organized movement, people that are being given new identities. Actually, one person uh wrote to us and told us that UVU in and of itself as a campus uh has an unbelievable amount of dedication. I mean, even the president, I'm I'm blanking on her name, it like majored in Soviet studies. Like, they have a a direct pipeline from Russia to America. It's very interesting. And yes, it is true. It is a fact that Tyler Robinson, we can't confirm that this is Mike Mitchell, but there are old photos of Tyler Robinson when he's a lot younger visiting his uncle Mikey. Okay, his uncle Mikey who is working with the Ukrainian AOV battalion. Okay, he's a military man. And that gets really interesting when I start to combine all of the aspects of this case. And again, we are still in theory territory, but I feel like we are in strong I'm starting to get a stronger than a theory and more of a hunch that this was a a military operation and people that executed this are actually from overseas. And when you look at the aspects of the UVU case and their strong ties to that region, things get really interesting. when you look at UVU campus and their strong ties um to the CIA, things start to get really interesting, right? And I I think this is a path that needs to be pursued that these people have different identities and that they are perhaps all from overseas. And it turns out that there have been the New York Times has reported on uh Russian Ukrainian spies that are building new lives from themselves with new IDs uh in America, in Brazil. Essentially what we're talking about are terrorist cells. I believe that. I believe that with the Ukrainian war, okay, and they always hack us emotionally. Oh, we need to have open borders. It allows them to get in people that are perhaps completely insane and deranged and they are in fact uh raising little militants and they're executing these programs. And let me tell you, if this is correct, if this is sort of like a a neo bullsheik militant tribe, then we need to be concerned. And spiritually, I can tell you how I feel spiritually. That feels right to me. I've been pleading with you guys to get your kids out of these schools. I am telling you that something very dark is going on. And I'm going to continue to stress to you that you need to take your children out of school. Homeschool your children. I there is there is something dark that I am perceiving that is happening not just in public schools but in private schools as well. Okay. Why our kids had to go.

[21:48]

We we couldn't get basic answers about somebody that had kind of fallen into the through the cracks and was posting Polish underground symbols. Her her parent was posting uh Polish underground symbols and I realized something was wrong. Something was off. I'm showing you this just this is like one headline and this is translated from Russia. uh Russian by the way. So the the English here isn't perfect, but um it is telling about white lotus sect of all things. For those of you that followed uh the becoming breit series and things that we have spoken about about this white lotus idea, it's essentially they're training fighters and that this has been uh declassified and that they have these regional organizations uh these all Ukrainian organizations and that exactly what it sounds like that they're training uh fighters that it's really dangerous and my suspicion is that this is happening right here in America. it would make sense that there is global communication if they want to take somebody out. And it is also a fact, by the way, that Charlie was on a um a hit list. I also was on that hit list.

[22:56]

Tucker was on the hit list. And actually, I forgot the name of the individual that worked for Alex Jones who got killed, but he was similarly on a Ukrainian hit list. It's something that I think should be explored a little bit further. And like I said, we're going to go deeper on that topic on um we'll actually do that tomorrow and we'll bring in the aspects and show you whether or not, you know, Uncle Mikey could be Mike Mitchell, could he be the detective? But I'm just seeing these recurring themes of the military for whatever reason. And I'm also seeing a reoccurring theme of child abuse uh and a recurring theme of people who appear to have changed their name and that are operating in the shadows and something is not right.

[23:42]

Again, a theory that is now turning into a very strong hunch. More on that tomorrow. Uh first I want to tell you guys about Gold Co. because according to reports, Fed Chair Jerome Powell has just fueled hopes for a rate cut and of course the price of gold moved higher. Over the years we've all seen some tough times. We've had skyrocketing inflation, surging national debt, market volatility, and never- ending wars. Gold is real. It's tangible, and it's held value for thousands of years. Unlike the stock market or currency, gold doesn't vanish when politicians make bad decisions, which for being honest, it's happening a lot these days. And that's exactly why I've been partnering with the award-winning company Gold Co.

[24:16]

Because they sell precious metals like gold and silver, and they do an amazing job with it. So whether you're worried about inflation, government spending, or you just want peace of mind, Goldco makes it easy. Here's what you can do. You can visit candislikesgold. com and you'll get a free 2025 gold and silver kit and you'll learn how you can get up to 10% and free silver. So don't wait for the next crisis. Protect your future today. Call 855815 gold or visit candislikesold. com. Again, can candace likes. com. Also telling you guys about Paleo Valley. I love them. Something that my team and I are always craving are healthy beef sticks. Uh specifically the ones from my friends over at Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley makes their meat sticks with 100% grass-fed beef. Of course, sourced from smallcale regenerative American farms so that you can feel good about what you're eating and what you're supporting. They have stripped out all of the junk. There's no preservatives, gluten, soy, sugar, dairy, or GMOs, just clean, nutrient-dense fuel, the way food was meant to be. So whether you're road tripping, you're working late, you're running around with the kids, these sticks will deliver you high protein energy without the crash. Whether you're keto, paleo, carnivore, doesn't matter.

[25:18]

Paleo Valley works with your lifestyle. won't work against it. They come in multiple bold flavors, including original jalapeno, summer sausage, maple bacon, and teriyak. So, there's something for everyone. With over 55 million beef sticks sold, Paleo Valley is trusted, proven, and backed by a 60-day money back guarantee. Right now, get 20% off your first order at paleo valley. com/candis with code candace at checkout. That's paleo valley. com/candis. Use promo code candace at checkout.

## Netanyahu meets with influencers on how to control social media.

[25:47]

What can I say, you guys? The world is very clearly changing and it is changing fast. Okay. Two years ago, the mere idea that you might share a perspective that Jews are controlling the media, that would be considered anti-Semitic. You would be called a Jew hater. Fast forward to 2025 and BBN Netany and Yahoo is now hosting an on camera meeting with American social media influencers to talk about how they are going to shape US opinion. I I I honestly with my eyes I was going this can't be real. Like it's they're not even hiding it anymore, right? It's like first it was a conspiracy theory. Now it's like here's what we going to do, okay? And what are we going to do? How are we going to how are we going to beat out all of these independent voices who are winning because they're telling the truth? So Deborah Lee asked BB Netanyahu specifically about Charlie Krooks assassination and the potential loss of evangelical support for the state of Israel because of it, which by the way is going to be the consequence of this.

[27:00]

It will be the consequence of this because they lied after he died and it pissed me off. Okay, take a listen to what Deborah asks. >> So, something I would like to raise, which was actually my first published paper, was how you and the Lee Cood party are cut from the same ideological cloth as Trump and the GOP in America. And so, specifically with Charlie Kirk's assassination, who was a big mentor of mine, he's my first mentor in the space. Um, evangelicals, from all my research, evangelicals are the reason that Israel has been supported in public sphere outside of just Jews. So with Charlie's assassination and with the kind of trajectory that we've seen with like Candace Owens and Tucker Carlson, I guess I'm curious about what's another game plan if we lose evangelical support for the state of Israel. What's our backup plan to be strong like outside the diaspora?

[27:51]

>> Okay, first off, I don't know why it's always me and Tucker Carlson. Why? Why is it always Tucker Carlson and Camaris Owens? Like can it be anybody else? It's like what? We have nothing to do with one another. I've been on his show twice. Twice on his independent show. I just love Tucker. I do. I'm a fan. I'm not going to lie. But I I feel like they're starting to think we're the same person. Tucker Carlson and Can Tucker Carlson and Can over and over again. But listen to BB's response because prepare yourself. What he is saying is that they are about to launch a psychological war on Americans. Take a listen to what he says. >> Christian influencers. Okay. He said we talked about the woke right and he said I call it the woke reich.

[28:34]

>> That's a brilliant observation >> the woke right because these people you know they're not any different from the woke left. I mean they're they're insane. They're the reason >> but they're actually meeting on some of the things and what we have to do is we have to secure that part of our the base of our support in the United States that is being challenged systematically. A lot of this is done with money. Money of NOS's vast money of governments faster. Okay. We have to fight back. How do we fight back? Our influencers. I think you should also talk to them if you have a chance to that that community. They're very important. >> And secondly, we're going to have to use the tools of battle. You know, the the weapons change over time. You can't fight today with swords. that doesn't work very well. Okay? And you can't fight with fight with cavalry. That doesn't work very well. And you have these new things, you know, like drones, things like that. I won't get into that, but we have to fight with the weapons that apply to the battlefields in which we're engaged. And the most important ones are the social media. And the most important purchase that is going on right now is >> last followers.

[29:53]

>> Tik Tok. >> Tik Tok. Number one. Number one. >> And I hope it goes through because it's uh >> it can be consequential. >> And the other one, what's the other one that's most important? >> X. >> Very good. >> And you know, so we have to talk to Elon. He's not an enemy. >> He's a friend. We should talk to him. Now, if we can get those two things, we get a lot. And I could go on on other things, but that's not the point right now. We have to fight the fight, okay? To take give direction to the Jewish people and give direction to our non-Jewish friends or those who could be our Jewish friends. Are we going to succeed with everyone? No. Will there be a strong counterpart? Yes. >> Okay. So, like we're allowed we're allowed to say Israel controls the media now. Okay. I think where that's that's just like on camera now. There will be no dispute about this. The fact that you have a foreign leader, it's incredible.

[30:49]

You have a foreign leader who is sitting up there saying that he wants his agents, he needs he needs the deal to go through, which by the way, let's call out Donald Trump right now. Okay. All the acting. We don't want China. We don't want China to own TikTok. And I'm worried about your data. No, you wanted to hand it over to your Zionist friends. Okay. It was all a mirage. Okay. It was all theater. Donald Trump has sold us out to Israel once again. Okay. So, he's saying, "I want this deal to go through." And we know who's a part of that deal. Uh, it's Larry Ellison who has made he's very clear about the fact that he's a agent of Israel. Um, and Horowitz, the son of David Harowitz, David Harowitz from which all of uh the connections Prageru, I could tell you the stories. Prageru, David Harowitz Foundation, D um and Ben Shapiro, all of them related um in their beginnings in Los Angeles. So, he's basically saying, "We need to take over Tik Tok because what are they going to do? What they've already done? They're going to censor speech." The reason that they got on board, just like the ADL spokesperson said when he was caught um on the mic was like, "We need to do something about Tik Tok." And now they're doing the thing, right? They are going to take over Tik Tok and they're going to ban your speech. It's happening right now.

[31:58]

The second that that CEO who said she was a proud Zionist or maybe she wasn't the CEO uh but one of the executives there that they installed immediately after said she was a proud Zionist and um you know spent time in Israel we saw instantly that our content was getting strikes you can't say anything bad right now about Israel on TikTok and this is because it's what BBNet and Yahoo has willed right they want to censor speech which was something that Charlie was very worried about was very worried about what Israel was doing to come inward on speech and I have those text messages with him And um yeah, so that's actually happening. We are going to be we we're going to become subject to a psychological operation. This is what they do. You can see it on X. There's all of these like I call them military bots and they they're just like sock puppets who just say wonderful things about Israel all the time. You can see them in my comments. They just like post the Israel flag over and over and over again and that's what they want to subject Americans to and they think that that is going to in the long run bring people over to their side. is the exact opposite obviously. Okay. It's so dumb to think. It's it's like have you have you even gone through basic parenting 101? You're going to tell these people that they are going to be forced uh to like and support your country. They're most certainly not going to. Instead, they're going to see you as what you are, which is problematic. You have no business as a foreign leader speaking publicly about how you're planning to take over social media sites in America because opinion against your country has rightfully shifted. Okay? Because opinion has rightfully shifted against your country on the basis of your behavior. Right? Like like Charlie said, on the basis of your behavior. Okay? You were be you fall into every stereotypes.

[33:41]

The stereotypes wouldn't exist if we didn't behave this way. That's the reality. You You're on camera. You don't You have zero shame in saying this. You're could have said anything there, right? Like a person would say, "Wow, we want to get out the truth. We want to be better people. We want to commit ourselves to not killing hundreds of thousands of children." That that and I think that people will start to like us again. He's like, "No, we just need to crush them. We need to crush speech by controlling speech in America." And that's what their plan is. Look no.

## Megyn Kelly attacked out of nowhere.

[34:10]

Further than this random attack that Megan Kelly is going through, okay? For no reason at all. And I was I hate to say this, but I was laughing reading Constantine Kissen's tweets and what they were saying to her because I lived it. I lived I lived what Megan Kellyy's going through. I lived what uh Charlie was going through where suddenly you realize these people that are pretending to be your friends, they're like, "I'm your friend. I care about you are actually like agents and that's why I say they're Mr. Smith from the Matrix and they're real close to ruining your life if you don't do what they want. Okay. So, for no reason at all, I I'll tell you how this transpired. Megan Kelly tweeted her episode and said, "Listen to Charlie in his own words about what he was going through." And for whatever reason, Florida Dab, which is one of these like Ziobot accounts that constantly tweets in favor of Israel, wrote this to Megan. We can pull this up.

[35:01]

He writes, "If you can't separate yourself from Candace Owens, many of us are going to separate ourselves from you." Like, she didn't mention anything about me. He says, "We do not have to align with everyone that claims to be of the right when their motives and history are as shady as hers." Megan Kelly and I have no attachment to the idea that he's demanding that she what make a statement against me is insane. She replies, she holds the line. She says, "Look at this. No, I have no obligation to quote unquote separate myself from anyone. I run my own media company and my own show. That show is where I express my own opinions and I will decide what and what not to opine on. If you need me to condemn Candace or Tucker for their opinions in order to listen to me, then I may not be for you. He's a close friend and she is under enough pressure without gratuitous shots from me. My fight is with the left, not these two.

[35:51]

Like kudos to Megan K. Like what? And yes, she is friends with Tucker. They've been friends for a very long time. And yeah, I'm kind of taking a lot of bullets right now. Thank you, Megan, for not just taking a gratuitous swipe because I'm breathing over here. And but it's not enough. So then they bring the other agent, Constantine Kissen, which by the way, there's going to be a date, right? I just release everybody's family genealogy. His his is astonishing, but these are all agents of Israel. Let's be very clear. Constantine Kissen then jumps in and and says here's the problem. He's a free speech warrior, Constantine Kissen. The problem with this approach which many on the right are taking is that this is exactly how the left allowed in its own extremists were extremists to fight to first flourish and then to become the face of the entire movement. If you agree with Candace and Tucker, people will respect that. But to many of us, their behavior is so extreme and so deranged that the idea that it can be simply ignored because your fight is quote unquote with the left doesn't wash. You have always been a great principled truth-seeking journalist. So to many of your admirers like me, the question might be if you agree with them, fine. But if you don't, why isn't your fight with them? This is almost verbatim. It's like scary to me because I'm like, are they This is like military training. almost verbatim a text message that I received from Marissa Stright when I like retweeted Max Blumenthal I think once when he said something that I totally agreed with and then like all of the agents like Dave Rubin all them were like don't you see what you did and they make you think you're going crazy but they would kind of pretend to be your friend and you're like what did I do wrong like I just said genocide is always wrong I just retweeted Max Blumenthal something they said that was sensible and they come in and they're like I understand what you're doing I'm your friend but I worry that other people are going to see what you're doing and not understand and it just, you know, I want you to be okay cuz we're just wondering like we all agree that that's bad, right? So, why don't you just say what I'm telling you to say, Meg, or you're going to get it.

[37:44]

We're going to ruin your effing life. That's the subtext, Meg. That is the subtext, Megan. I can promise you that. I lived it. I lived it. There's no halfway with these people. I'm telling you, there's no halfway. She didn't do anything. She shared her episode and said, "If you want to hear Charlie Kirk in his own words, here it is." That is literally what they are responding to. and now they're going to pretend to be her friend. So she responds to him and she says, "The more one insists that I say what one demands me to, the more committed I get in my refusal." This was Charlie. This was Charlie. He was like, "I'm done. I'm just done. I'm digging my heels in because they know what this is." Okay, Megan is an adult. She's also quite brilliant. She's not going to fall for this, should I call it? Babble, right? Constant kissing. And you're you're sitting here trying to, oh, just I love you so much. Like trying to manipulate a toddler. She's not stupid.

[38:30]

And he says,"I demand nothing of you. And in coming from a position of great respect, I'm simply asking why it is that you don't believe that lies told by prominent people on the right shouldn't be challenged in the way that we all challenge lies told by people on the left." And she said, "Your response proves the opposite of what it purports to." She sees right through him. Of course she does, cuz she's not a child. Okay, this is how the agents work. They pretend to be your friend. And I'm telling you, if she doesn't buck, that's what they want. They will there we will whip you and you will buck and but you will buck by making a strong statement against Canada owner Tucker Carlson when we demand it. Then they will send the next layer which is a full-blown press attack. The press that they do not control by the way. They do not control the press. That's anti-Semitic. I want to be very clear. Don't control it. But they will control it when they come after her. If she doesn't do what they say, watch that space, you guys. Watch that space. Um okay. Okay, I want to make sure that I I um get to some of your comments because a lot of you guys have been writing in. I first want to throw it to pure talk because our society works because of the freedoms guaranteed by the First Amendment.

[39:34]

Everyday Americans should be able to speak openly and um about honesty, family, traditional values without any retribution. And that's a principle that Pure Talk proudly supports. They sponsor my show, which allows me to stand strong behind the microphone every day and share their truth with you. If you want to support brands that defend freedom and pro-American values, I encourage you to switch your wireless service to Pure Talk. You're going to get great 5G coverage and an extremely reliable and secure network. And with plans from just $25 a month, you'll save a ton of money. Pure Talk believes in creating American jobs and supporting small business. So, if you're a small business owner, you can save even more while enjoying white glove service. You can stand with companies who share your values. Go to puretalk. com/owens to switch to my wireless company, which is Pure Talk. right now you'll save an additional 50% off your first month.

[40:18]

Again, that's pure talk. com/owens to make the switch today. Also reminding you guys about Nimi Skincare because there was a reason that we all love the fall. We love the crisp air crisp air. We love the changes the leaves. Uh but the season of transition can also be tough on your skin. The end of summer sun, the noon, the new autumn wind. It can leave your skin looking tired, dry, and dull. So, if you're looking in the mirror and you're feeling like your skin has lost its radiance with the season, I need to tell you again about my absolute go-to, which is Nimi Skincare. Anemia is the reason that my skin stays clear, firm, and glowing no matter what the weather brings. Their three-step anti-aging routine is the perfect defense for this seasonal shift. It's packed with powerful clinically backed ingredients that work to restore your skin's barrier, which is exactly what you need to fight off that dry autumn air. It boosts collagen production to help with those fine lines. It locks in deep moisture and it brightens your complexion, bringing back that healthy glow that you had in the summer. And here's what I love most. Nimi is proudly Americanmade. In a world of skincare dominated by foreign brands, Nimi formulates and produces everything right here in the USA. They deliver world-class quality while staying true to the values that we hold dear, which is faith, family, and freedom. You should not have to compromise your values to get incredible skincare. And with Nimi, you don't have to. So, as you prepare for the new season, make sure that your skin is prepared, too. Get an exclusive 10% off your order at nimiskare. com. You can use code candace 10 at checkout. Support a brand that supports this country and see the results yourself. again. N I m I skincare. com. Use promo code candace10.

## Comments.

[41:41]

And you'll get 10% off. All right, guys. What is on your mind? I always feel like I get in trouble in the comment section for some reason. Oh, I wanted to read this email that came in uh because Turning Point had the USU event last night. They went back to Utah and returned, made a big splash about that. And this person attended and wrote this to me. It reads, "Dear Candace, um, tonight, which is September 30th, 2025, several friends and myself attended the TPUSA event at Utah State University. There was full agreement that all were disappointed. The event was scripted. The allowance of open dialogue was absent and the entire presentation lacked authenticity. I'm happy to answer any questions about specifics, but if this is how TPUSA is, TPUSA is going to proceed, then it will not be successful." I fully agree with you uh that if this is the vibe, the vibe that we're getting and catching right now, they're not going to be successful.

[42:34]

Okay? You're never smarter than your audience. I say it over and over again. Everyone perceives that something is not right and we are not getting the truth and they are too mum. And I I definitely know I I got received other emails of people saying that um they felt that it was very much controlled. But I feel like it gets to a a more broader point, which is that nothing that is fake will survive in the long run. Okay? And there's a lot of fakeness and gayness that is happening right now. And yesterday, it's why I just went ahead and took a shot at the beast. I will not allow them to turn Turning Point USA into a company that is shilling for Israel. I have people that are telling me that they're handing out TPUSA faith packets and like Israel is mentioned eight times. Someone submitted it to me.

[43:16]

I read it. It's ridiculous. And I know who's behind that. I do. And and so I don't know where they're going if they're trying to sink Charlie's company. Uh it worked. Turning Point worked because Charlie was authentic. Okay? Whether you agreed with him or not, I can tell you Charlie authentically when we started out loved Israel for the the same reasons we went to Israel together. You know, he authentically believed um and and and loved Israel. And then he authentically was seeing what their tactics were, how they were trying to control speech and he perceived them to be problem problematic. And it was their behavior that turned him against them. And the fact that they are just continuing that behavior now and just trying to pretend that the last part didn't happen, it sickens me. It won't survive unless there is more truth and and we should absolutely demand it. Uh there is a note here from my producer uh from Erika Mindle who is an American Israeli Jewish former IDF soldier currently serving as the oh that's her name right. Erikica Mindle she is the public policy manager of hate speech and she's been at TikTok since July of this year and she's like yeah whatever I'm soldier and uh it's now war and we own this we own this space. So, of course, the deal is going to go through if they're already putting IDF soldiers uh in control of moni monitoring our speech, which means we only have to get louder and maybe we'll just choose a different platform in general if this is the direction that they want to go in. Um, Basel Paras writes, "Hey, Candace, would you want to debate the more prominent commentators like Ben Shapiro, Brandon Tatum, and PBD on the topics of Israel, MSAD, and Palestine? They all have hinted and danced around calling you anti-Jewish, genetically speaking, and excessive in their videos. I would debate PBD. I would debate Ben Shapiro. I wouldn't de debate Brandon Tatum because I love Brandon Tatum like a brother. Uh, and nobody wins in that scenario. I've just known him like I know Brandon. I came up with him and Charlie and I just know him as like a human being. And there are some things that to me are just like are bigger than politics. And so any conversation or debate that I'm going to have with Brandon will be treated in the same way like the debates uh that I would have had with Charlie. You know, uh Charlie and I never threw each other under any buses publicly. And when we did disagree, we had those disagreements uh privately. And so the I would say the same about Brandon Tatum. And I hope that clarifies. A lot of people were asking me about Brandon. Uh he has been there for me. He's been there for my family. Uh he's a just I see him as a human and not a a political opponent. So that's my honest truth there. Rachel Day says, "Is it me or is it strange that not a single security guard pulled a gun once shots rang out? I am praying for you, Candace, and I am grateful for this reporting. We cannot claim ignorance here. Virtual hug from a homeschool mom.

[45:57]

Just started the homeschooling thing this week. They're adorable. Uh yes, I think it is strange actually. I thought about that after the fact and they seem to know that not more was coming. Now, you could also, if we're being charitable, say that you're just, you know, you're just so overwhelmed and you you jump uh and you just are trying to save Charlie, but you would think that one person would have been guarding holding a gun, especially if you're trained to do these things and the amount of money that they were making off of Charlie because Charlie ended up buying Turning Point USA, ended up taking on that security firm. Um, yeah, you're kind of not the person that's allowed to freak out in those situations and a lot of mistakes were made and a lot of things have not been explained.

[46:36]

Uh, the Menagerie by Drea Lee writes, "One of Tyler Robinson's lawyers, Michael Bert, previously represented Richard Ramirez, aka the Nightstalker. Ramirez was in the same jail as Sean Penn in 1987, who was serving 33 days. How do you feel about Tyler's legal team?" I have not explored that. I have been so hyperfocused. People, I know you guys have been like, "Have you seen this? Have you seen that?" I want to solve who did this, right? And I want to do it in a way that makes sense to me. I'm a timeline person. I'm very good at gathering data and intel, vetting that uh information that I'm getting and sharing it with the public in a way um that they can digest. There's a lot of different rabbit holes that should be chased. That's definitely one of them.

[47:19]

But my main focus right now is trying to figure out who else was involved on that day. Who is the lady that was in that photo? Marzy writes this just in. The FBI just cut ties with the ADL after Turning Point USA criticism. They share a building. Just FBI all share a building. They're one and the same. I hope you guys uh know that they share a building, I think, in Connecticut. Uh also, Israel is taking over ExpressVPN and other VPN websites. I always had a conspiracy about that. I used to read ads for them, ExpressVPN, when I was uh working for Daily Wire. And I in back of my mind, I was like, it would make sense that they would train us to actually filter. There's so much data. They're like, "Actually, why don't you pretend that this VPN hides things and so that we know exactly where to look?" And once I found that it was started by an Israeli billionaire, I was like, "Yeah, no, that's going to be a spying thing." That's how I felt at least. I was like, "They're just going to see what you want to hide and go straight there. So, you're basically uh taking on the process of filtering for them." That's my conspiracy theory, one of many that I have as you guys know because you listen to the show. Lily writes, "First they made a false statement about Candace not being friends with Charlie. They pushed through their minions in the media. Now they planted a fake letter in the same New York Post and their minions. Candace must be up to something." Yeah, I know who had access to Charlie's laptop and I have questions about that, but I'm going to wait for the financial report to come out, which I'm not handling. And I got question marks about a couple of people over at Turning Point USA. And uh yeah, I think we should definitely be speaking about these shady pastors. I hope this is the year of the shady pastor after operation mocking pastor uh learning why they can say we don't take money from Israel but they take money from an agent of Israel or an organization like the you know international fellowship of Christian and Jews which if you go to their website it's basically like hey Christians here's what you can do for Jews there's nothing that's spoken about what Christians are going through um and you they you know flood money into that and they get you to say that it's like a fellowship program but then they have you like um gathering pastors and paying off people. I mean, it's it's an ugly business and I think it's about to all get exposed. I think it was a bad idea to kill Charlie Kirk. That's what I think. I think the devil overplayed his hand because that's what the devil does.

[49:37]

The devil is arrogant. The devil has no friends. I remind people that the devil is an orphan. And what I mean by that is if you pledge allegiance to the devil, just just so you know, he will turn on you, too. Okay? You're only as useful to him as you are an idiot to him. If you're willing to do his bidding, he will play ball. And as soon as you are not, he does not care about you. You mean nothing to him. You are dealing with a a true um psychopathic individual who cares about nothing more than their own selfish goals. That's what I believe. Anyways, um I um want to again remind you guys that we have new merch finally. After so many messages, we um made it happen. We should have done it sooner. Obviously, uh, we don't know, but we know. And soon, ladies and gentlemen, we will know. We will know.

[50:28]

I'm a Charlie Kirk story. You can head to candace owens. com if you'd like to buy merch. That's how you can support the show. We actually are not funded uh by any outside groups. We are taking influence from nobody other than the people that write to our tips box. We are being heavily influenced by them. I will say that. And I remind you, please, please, we love you all, but only if you have a tip uh that can help us crack this mystery. I do think that we're going to get into a Russian and Ukrainian angle here for some some reason, some way, somehow. We'll see. See you guys tomorrow.
